establish model in industrial innovation
after its competitor invent the front load wash machine , the ceo of the american im company believe that each of its employee have the ability for innovation , and formulate strategic countermeasure for innovation in the industry .
1. establish an innovation fund with a maximum amount of 1,000 u.s. dollar .
2. choose 100 innovative concept to encourage employee to conduct research and development during their work time or spare time .
3. from among them , pick out 50 for submission to an assessment committee to assess .
since the tangshan earthquake , the start point for construction standard in the mainland be that under an earthquake of the same magnitude , building should preserve their basic frame without collapse .
however , most of the building in this hard @-@ hit area do not meet these requirement , with the widespread collapse of school building in particular arouse intense public disgust .
raise standard to in excess of tangshan 's 8.0 magnitude could leave authority with some breathe space for explanation , and alleviate public anger .
accord to information leak from numerous channel , we can say for certain that before the earthquake struck , the serious earthquake risk in the ngawa region be already well know to the ccp .
although current forecast standard cannot give us an accurate prediction of the exact time , place , and strength of an earthquake , there be considerable experience accumulate both in china and overseas in predict to within the timeframe of a month , and the area of a province .
in region where the earthquake risk be high , warn the public and spread disaster prevention awareness could greatly reduce casualty during earthquake ; this be the very minimum duty that any responsible government should undertake .
in the past the ccp have do a lot of these sort of thing , but on this occasion not only do nothing , but in response to query from the public pull out some whop lie , play syntax game with word like " geological disaster " and " earthquake disaster ".
i think that if our earthquake administration have be able beforehand to do a simulation of big earthquake on this longmenshan mountain earthquake belt , then on that day of may 12 , once the earthquake administration have measure the quake at a magnitude of 7.8 , we would have be able to broadly judge the extent of damage and destruction in the earthquake disaster zone .
if the simulation program be well design , circumstance like debris block road , heavy rainfall obstruct parachute drop , power and communication outage should all have be within expectation .
instead in this instance the liberation army headquarters emergency contingency plan obviously be not a contingency plan design with earthquake as the assume condition , as the soldier all rush straight to wenchuan , without immediately send out troop in the direction of badly @-@ hit area beichuan , qingchuan and gansu 's longnan ; only 24 hour later be the full extent of the disaster area take into consideration .
in addition , the breakdown in communication also bring a serious problem to the surface . in the past , red army regiment be able to maintain contact with central headquarters by relying on just one batter radio . on this occasion though , people have no way to deal with the communication failure .
it be clear that preparation prior to the event be not construct on the basis of an earthquake disaster simulation .
while it should have be a disaster relief command that take overall leadership , it have suddenly come face @-@ to @-@ face with the broad base of disaster victim , directly deal with them .
the lack or serious shortage of intermediate layer of party organization and unit between the two have result in its inability to consider major issue with endless minor issue on hand , such that even if it be highly capable , it won't last long , as it will be drag down by numerous petty thing .
this would have be unimaginable during the great tangshan earthquake . a time without volunteer or mental worker , such petty thing as directly deal with average people be perform by the most primary party branch , as well as enterprise and public institution .
as soon as the earthquake occur , grass @-@ root organization contact their own people and average people also contact their own system or department , in an interdependent manner .
under the centralized leadership of higher @-@ level organization , everyone act to make the rescue effort very outstanding and successful , such that the great tangshan earthquake , which happen just a few year ago , be forget all together in the subsequent reform and open @-@ up .
it be obvious that no social or political problem be leave then , nor be sequelae that cause headache to later generation .
during a time of prosperity and happiness , such a big earthquake suddenly struck .
many people die , much property be destroy , it be quite clearly a great disaster .
but it be not totally without benefit , and i believe that its greatest benefit be that it serve to strip off the false benevolence that compose the outer skin of the elitist , the politician , the capitalist , and expose once and for all the rotten cannibalistic core within .
and an additional benefit be that many people who have be delude came to their sense .
temporarily lay aside these abstract thing and avoid speak at length , say only a few detail that leave the elitist , the politician and capitalist highly embarrass .
the expert have just finish say " sacrifice yourself to help others be a foolish idea ", when the leader have no choice but to call once again for selfless devotion .
this be mere chicanery , to the point where before engaging in life @-@ save , donation to charity , these sort of behaviors , an idea have to be flash through people 's mind :
am i be foolish in do this ?
and when people see on cctv those private firm manufacture tent in jiangsu and zhejiang work overtime to produce more tent , the first idea that popped to mind i 'm afraid was probably " this time these capitalist have struck it big ! "
" why be it that these capitalist instead of those capitalist get the big order form , surely there could n't be anything fishy involve ?
during this process , there be again talk about file a complaint against the xinghui travel agency .
the reason for file the complaint be that even if we owe their hourly fee , they still should fulfill their obligation on the contract they sign : drive people from canberra back to sydney .
as long as we stick to this issue , xinghui surely have no way of win the lawsuit if it go to court .
however , what greatly surprise me be the attitude of the student union in this appeal . they seem very reluctant to make the contract public .
they even lie , say that they and xinghui initially feel that sign a contract would rather make each other feel like stranger since they be both do it for the sake of the motherland .
as you know , this type of logic absolutely won't work in australia .
xinghui accept this order of ours and deploy all the bus of other travel agency in sydney .
without the guarantee from the contract sign with us , they would surely have be unable to deploy them !
in addition , there be something else that be very suspicious .
i hear from a friend at the consulate that the government take this matter very seriously and have promptly agree to allocate fund to compensate the student who have use their own money instead that night .
yesterday afternoon i go back to check out the torch relay , but even the flame be practically impossible to see , let alone the guy carry the torch .
there be so many people there it be frighten . some have even climb onto the roof of bus !
i head straight for the center of activity , but in actual fact traffic be be control as early as 4 o'clock , and they have already start limit the crowd enter the sport center .
some guy be really insane , band together in group and yell out " go china ! "
i actually have some other classmate there , and be go to call them .
i guess the carry capacity of the base station tower be totally overload , and i could n't get through at all . i be only able to find a signal , not a chance of connect to the internet .
only one phone call i make there get through - that be call home .
i have a look at my call register , and out of dozen of call dialed only one be properly connect !
sometime after 6 i go straight back home to watch it on tv . the spectacle be just as astonish on tv , except that it be just one angle of the whole thing .
next time i won't be partake in this kind of activity ! !
wang shi 's experience of be under public condemnation underscore to a certain extent the tense relationship between the rich and poor class in chinese society ;
because as china grow prosperous day by day , the gap of wealth between the successful elite and the remain 1.3 billion people be widen .
thirty year ago , people have basically the same income , which be all deplorably meager .
however , hurun report ( hurun report ) show that by 2007 , there be a total of 106 billionaires ( in u.s. dollar ) in china , with the number of people only next to that of the unite state .
now , wang shi say , these response have have effect on me .
he admit that he be not sensitive enough to the current situation when he write his blog .
wang shi note additionally that since china currently have not yet establish a sound system of social security insurance , the grow hatred of the rich be unavoidable .
on tuesday , wanke announce that it would make an additional donation of rmb 100 million yuan for the temporary resettlement and post @-@ disaster reconstruction in the next three to five year .
yao ming , the basketball player who be hail as a national hero thank to his success in establish himself in nba , be also blame after he announce his donation of rmb two million yuan because a rumor on the internet allege he have donate one million u.s. dollar for disaster relief of hurricane katrina ( hurricane ) in 2005 .
even so , donation behavior and the treatment of donation behavior should not deviate from two principle , namely that it be voluntary and do not seek return . otherwise , the donation lose its original mean .
in actual fact , whether it be mcdonalds or any other foreign own enterprise in china on the so @-@ call " international iron rooster " blacklist , they all give generously to the cause of help the disaster victim , exhibit their social responsibility .
even if by comparison some company really do n't donate a huge amount , they should not be besiege or subject to verbal violence in the arena of public opinion .
donate , after all , be not a legal obligation that company must carry out . urge business to donate apart from the force of moral consideration should not take the form of any other coercive mean .
as long as a company 's source of income be legal , any compulsory payment outside of legal obligation be a kind of theft .
even in an abnormal circumstance such as disaster relief , legal order and the right bestow upon by law should be respect .
if we be unfortunate enough to be unable to avoid become a disaster victim , we can at least preserve the nobility and dignity of humanity and not turn into rabble .
the lawsuit propose by hai ming do not have a clear subject of the right of action ; moreover it do not satisfy the legal requirement for libel .
for example , he fail to clarify whether cafferty 's comment be an argument over opinion or an act of spread an untruthful statement .
the malicious intent of cafferty have not be establish , either . more importantly , he have be unable to offer anything as to how to establish the damage to the 1.3 billion chinese people .
in addition , in his complaint , it be say that chinese people have already express their displeasure through demonstration .
here it be a country with the freedom of speech .
on the issue of libel , court only support those who have actually suffer damage and have no other way to seek justice .
therefore , it be very hard for the government , politician , and public figure to get legal protection on the issue of libel ,
because they have the capability to clear themselves of " smear ."
if you have already clear your own reputation through legal protest , for example , chinese people be not goon and thug , then a lawsuit be meaningless .
remember , a lawsuit for libel be only to clear your name and get compensation .
after lee teng @-@ hui put forth the " two state theory ", due to mainland countrymen be deceive by the ccp 's propaganda machine , many people advocate use force to unite taiwan .
because they have no understand whatsoever of the situation in taiwan and the will of the taiwan people ,
they universally exhibit extreme nationalistic sentiment .
just like the love @-@ hate fusion of nationalistic war sentiment that erupt after the us mistakenly bomb the chinese embassy .
they similarly do not understand the real story in kosovo .
but hong kong people realize that first there be the republic of china , only after that come " new china ";
while this " two state separatist theory " have purely and simply be dream up by the ccp .
lee teng @-@ hui be do nothing but bring an already exist phenomenon to light .
moreover , the grand old men of the ccp who hand over on a silver platter a huge chunk of land in manchuria north of the amur river to soviet russia , who give away land equivalent to ten percent of national territory in northern mongolia ; why not take this back , instead of insist on try to grab back a taiwan that remain in the hand of chinese people ?
however , even though hong kong people have their grumble , the " two state theory " have in no way trigger a sentimental attachment in hong kong people for " old china ".
i believe that our build industry here have not yet reach this level .
not only have the law not yet reach this level , but the average person 's understand have generally not reach this level .
some official , out of local economic consideration , by accident or design be frequently too lenient in deal with property agent .
we all saw the damage wreak by the wenchuan earthquake .
as to how much of this be a result of natural disaster , and how much be man @-@ make calamity , a verdict will be draw in the end .
apparently , quality check in the space industry be extremely rigorous , each part undergo several inspection process , every effort be make to ensure absolute safety .
but space ship accident still happen from time to time .
even such technologically advance nation as the us have experience several instance of space flight launch or return failure .
since thing can still go wrong even when they be subject to incredibly rigorous inspection as in the space industry , then , with our current " dark " and corrupt property industry the way it be , people 's life be even harder to place guarantee on .
once a powerful earthquake strike , the people 's life really do become as tiny as those of ant .
it make one tremble even without fear .
follow the great wenchuan earthquake this time , there be compatriot who struggle out of the debris , wipe their tear and bury the body of their family , but they brace up again and declare to the world , " we be not beat down ; we be on our feet again ; the earthquake cannot shake the staunch will of the chinese people ; trial and tribulation serve only to revitalize a nation ! "
this enable us to see the fight spirit of the dauntless chinese nation give off a dazzle radiance among people in disaster @-@ hit area .
the fact that these word be speak by compatriot who have be through the disaster have give us , who could n't help our tear at the sight of their mishap , so much comfort and encouragement . it give us a hint that no force can beat down the chinese people .
however , the word later reappear somewhere else and from someone unusual , which i think about for a few day . i feel , for some unknown reason , it be somewhat scary !
i just want to say , let there be no more disaster , so that china be safe and sound from now on and disaster be far away from china .
i pray to the god to open his eye and do n't let disaster visit the chinese land again !
we do n't want to revitalize the nation through trial and tribulation ,
but rather we want to revitalize the nation by pass our day safe and sound !
one important reason that a great number of people bury or trap in debris in the wenchuan earthquake @-@ hit area be save be that they be full of hope and firmly believe the pla would come to their rescue !
to settle victim , thousand of tent that stretch mile be soon set up , which contain public toilet , shop , and primary school and middle school .
ten of thousand or even million of those displace by the disaster have gradually have a home to shelter from the wind and rain !
if everything be put in the market , such that all the land be sell to syndicate or farm owner , then where should the government set up tent ?
do they expropriate the land on the spot ?
even the government cannot override the market !
support the disaster @-@ hit area have test our competence , while the government 's ability to rule also stand the trial !
at critical moment , the rule foundation --- worker and farmer , show staunch support to the government !
if everything be put in the market , such that worker and farmer would have their fate control by the market and no long count on or rely on the government by walk onto a path of the so @-@ call " find the market rather than the mayor ( government ) ," then what power would the government have ?
the post @-@ catastrophe hyperinflation as expect by foreigner have not come either !
the government have human and financial capital under control , as well as energy and resource !
for example , the value of " seize the pleasure of the moment " also have a long history .
" sing a song when thou have wine , seize the day since life be short." some people in contemporary time think we should " satisfy and die ."
some people have go so far on the road that they " don't know how to eat or play , "
and other take nude picture and flaunt them online .
for another example , the pursuit of office title and level can also be trace back to the old day .
in ancient time there be zhou li to distinguish the order of hierarchy and nobility , construct a pyramid @-@ like social organizational structure .
the son of the heaven wore different clothe than others . the color of a door and the number of caldrons use for meal be all symbol to distinguish the hierarchy and nobility of people .
the aim be to settle dispute , stop fight and stabilize the society .
however , simultaneously it have also establish a system that value life accord to office level , which to the contrary trigger contention and destabilized the society .
yet no matter how many change of dynasty there be , the value system have always be carry on .
higher or lower rank in qing dynasty be distinguish by bird and animal pattern on clothe , taiping heavenly kingdom use the size and color of a sedan chair as the symbol to distinguish between different rank , and modern people use the motor vehicle displacement as a symbol to distinguish between different position , all of which can be trace to the same origin .
i do n't care how much wang shi waste every time he climb a mountain , but i do strongly despise how he talk and the way he act during this whole thing .
after donate , he suggest that charity should not be the burden of business , and therefore stipulate that his company 's employee donation should not exceed 10 yuan .
totally absurd logic . wang shi 's reason be that make donation to charity then the burden of business could cause company to fail in market competition ;
but we can see such philanthropist as bill gate , li ka @-@ shing , jackie chan have not affect the growth of their enterprise in any way . instead , they have actually increase the competitiveness of their company .
and there be some netizens who hit back in the wang shi donation issue by admonish us for forcing donation on moral ground .
exactly ! an excellent justification !
if you say that netizens rebuke wang shi be force donation , then what kind of behavior be wang shi prevent employee from donate more than 10 yuan ?
wang shi be the economic version of a cold @-@ blood animal , and we do n't care ,
but how come wang shi , how come he want to restrict what employee do or do n't do on moral ground ?
this really be a case of one rule for some , another rule for everyone else ! !!
we see , as at may 17 , the chinese government have accept up to 6 billion in disaster @-@ relief donation domestically and internationally , of which 4.8 billion be from domestic donor .
what we can see now be merely the name and figure of each donor constantly list in what be like an honor roll .
yet unfortunately , we do n't have more detail information of the whereabouts and specific use of the donate fund .
as corruption have long be prevalent among local government and economic audit be not transparent enough , disaster @-@ relief fund be often appropriate , exhaust , expropriate and embezzle .
therefore , once such a huge amount of disaster @-@ relief fund from people the world and china be embezzle or otherwise partially transfer by local official , the result political damage and lower of the government 's image domestically and internationally will completely negate the positive image brought by the government 's disaster @-@ relief effort .
if the donation be directly put in the hand of disaster @-@ hit people , it would push local price higher , drive the already high inflation to a direction that be even harder to regulate .
it be say that our country 's earthquake forecast be at an advanced level in the world .
but the glory of the earthquake worker do not produce good luck for the depart spirit of wenchuan .
so , we again hear expert figure emphasize once again , " earthquake forecast be a global challenge that so far no one have be able to solve ."
consequently , we come to realize that the academic laurel for " the success rate of prediction of impend earthquake that have already reach almost 40 %" be just condition and capital use to apply for fund , evaluate professional title and seek remuneration , rather than a hard rationale use to reduce bloodshed and death .
we should offer earthquake worker our full understand .
face the caprice of nature , humankind be really insignificant .
furthermore , although our sense of security increase with each pass day in line with " significant advance achieve " in seismology , we cannot look to anyone to give us any promise .
because , once someone have make a promise , he would be doom thereafter to bear this bloody weight of " be unable to effectively avoid earthquake disaster ."
and by not issue any promise , he could actually avoid be censure .
because " there be no way to make prediction "!
human can manufacture tank that be much more powerful than ant , but human cannot manufacture a live ant...
however advance instrument manufacture by human be , their level of complexity cannot compare with a section of a toad 's nerve .
do not regard earthquake prediction as a " practical skill "; rather regard it as academic work in a study .
take no notice of the real result in term of prevent earthquake or minimize disaster ; rather singlemindedly pursue the scientific research level embody in " prediction success rate ."
in the course of major disaster warning , too many dispute relate to power and interest be entangle .
the direction of research into earthquake prevention and disaster minimization be just confine to research into the phenomenon of earthquake , but effort to intervene in urban construction , to formulate and supervise build standard , and perfect and improve disaster rescue mechanism and other aspect have be neglected.... .
we have also become blindly abreast of foreign country even in earthquake research : we do n't believe in live being raise as part of nature ; we just believe in the instrument we ourselves manufacture .
we do n't believe the warning send out by nature ; we just believe the warning emit by instrument in laboratory .
we do n't believe in what be see and hear with their own eye by million of ordinary people ; we just believe in the authoritative conclusion of expert and scholar .
chinese seismology be gallop down the wrong road .
real estate be only one part of the national economy but the real estate phenomenon exist in every sector of the national economy .
the swift large @-@ scale failure and bankruptcy of collective enterprise and state @-@ own enterprise be proof of this .
thing have reach the step where the national television station have to set up a stage with the country 's military singer , high @-@ class singer , as well as top @-@ of @-@ the @-@ line celebrity from all walk of life sing to folk like wang shi for donation .
we should n't be too bother if folk like wang shi say something unpleasant .
a defeat general can n't claim to be brave .
in front of folk like wang shi , the state council be all defeat general .
because the miss @-@ in @-@ action army who build new china have be beat to a pulp by folk like wang shi ; even if china have no earthquake , there will be flood , as well as sars , snowstorm , big freeze etc.
china be a land of many catastrophe - this have always be true and always will be .
relying on sing for donation , entertain for one 's supper , will not solve the problem .
and time and time again ask the national television station to get out there and carry the national flag , carry on like this in the name of the country be outrageous , it 's the state council 's problem .
all the people with one mind " as the national anthem be inspire by the foresight of " always be prepare ", design for " advance , advance , advance , enter ! " instead of be design for repeat beg , plead for donation , and fund @-@ raise .
from leader to the common people , everyone need to keep that in mind .
when we go back to the 10 th century ad , we find that the 10 th century ad give birth to the first entrepreneur .
because the 10 th century ad be the very time when limited liability company be establish ; the catholic pope of the time have such a conviction during the 9 th century .
are you afraid of go to hell when you die ?
yes , you be afraid - how could you not go just because you be afraid ?
donate your property to the church , show your loyalty to god and you won't go to hell ,
so a lot of rich people donate their money to the church before they die .
by the 10 th century ad , 60 % of britain 's territory belong to the church ,
but their clergymen could n't manage it , and be unable to pass it on to the next generation . what could they do ?
so they set up the modern limited liability company .
how do they set it up ?
they hire professional manager to run these church enterprise ,
these professional manager be the administrator ,
and who be the proprietor of these company ?
the church .
so what do this confirm ?
the first step in separate the administration right from ownership ,
in no way because this be a great system , but rather that this be inevitable within the church enterprise .
when forecast earthquake , why do it happen that only a few case be successful while most case be failure ?
accord to this writer 's many year of research on precursory sign , the existence of precursory sign and earthquake prediction be two issue that be both connect and mutual differentiate .
the appearance of a precursory sign do n't mean it can accurately forecast the three element of an earthquake , because precursory sign be extremely complicate .
there be certain difference in the category , breadth , distribution range , and duration of precursory sign of different type of earthquake in different place .
in " regional nature of precursory sign of earthquake , " this writer divide earthquake into two major type accord to the overall characteristic of pre @-@ earthquake sign : strike @-@ type and slip @-@ type earthquake .
the former occur in area where internal fault block or fault line converge but not intersect , while the latter occur in active fault line .
strike @-@ type earthquake have various type of precursory sign , which be widespread , long @-@ last , and quite variable .
slip @-@ type earthquake have fewer type of precursory sign , which have a smaller distribution range , short duration period , and smaller range of change .
in chengdu , which be over 100 kms away from the epicenter , the earthquake should not have an intensity of over 7 , or 8 at the most .
there should not be any safety problem for class a building like those at the airport , hospital and school that be design to withstand a intensity of 8 .
so most building in chengdu should still be able to use after emergency assessment , and citizen may go home reassure .
if not so , an investigation should be conduct for any jerry @-@ build project .
if large sum of money have be spend to provide protection , yet it fail to work when the earthquake come ,
such that nobody dare to live at home , be able to use hospital , or accesses airport , then have the money be throw for nothing ?
probably some would say the national build criteria for earthquake resistance be enact in recent year , and older building may not comply with the requirement .
however , at the same time the government enact the earthquake resistance criteria , it require all exist building which do not satisfy the criteria to be reinforce and remove of danger in a timely fashion .
thus one cannot shirk responsibility on excuse that it be an old build .
in addition , the government also have criteria for earthquake resistance and prevention for rural building .
the earthquake in sichuan stun everyone .
elementary school building collapse , and children be bury in the rubble .
middle school building collapse , and young student be bury under the crumble wall .
kindergarten building also collapse , and little child 's frail body fall helplessly next to the crumbled wall where they close their innocent eye forever .
we could n't help cry at this sorrowful scene .
children be the flower of our motherland and future of our motherland .
these flower of life die early in a natural disaster .
natural disaster cannot be predict , but the school building should not have collapse .
why be the building behind the school building still there while the school building where children study collapse from the first floor to the fourth floor leave only crumble wall ?
children , you should n't have depart like this .
every year , all level of people 's congress be hold from local government to the central government .
deputy to the people 's congress , please make an all @-@ around inspection of school building in all area and inspect whether or not the school building in your constituency be up to local earthquake @-@ resistance standard , and then quickly make a proposal accord to the exist problem and push each level of the government to complete rectification and improvement within a limited time .
special legislation in the national people 's congress on construction of school building should be propose .
there need to be special legal procedure for the design , material , construction , completion , and inspection of the school building to ensure that top priority be give to quality and durability .
allow all children to study safely be the sacred and bounden duty of the people 's congress .
in june 1976 , 83 year @-@ old mao zedong have already be revive once after suffer a myocardial infarction .
to get effective care for his condition , the stand committee of the political bureau of the ccp establish a special treatment team , in charge of his medical treatment and care .
the political bureau also specifically assign people to the task of mao zedong 's medical care , take turn with the doctor and nurse to be on constant vigil at his live quarter .
on the day of the tangshan earthquake , i.e. july 28 th , those on duty at mao zedong 's quarter be wang dongxing , wang hongwen , and mao zedong 's confidential secretary , zhang yufeng .
in the early hour of the morning , with the clock hand point to 3 @:@ 42 , the ground of zhongnanhai suddenly start to shudder .
in mao zedong 's residence , the glass window in the foyer door rattle uncontrollably , and there be a huge bang from below like a tractor start up , with mao zedong 's sickbed shake non @-@ stop.......
while mao zedong be convalesce , the employee and medical staff around him be all in a state of high tension , maintain extremely silent surroundings and atmosphere .
in normal time , apart from the talk and noise of medical instrument when the doctor revive him , not a whisper could be hear .
after the ninety , state @-@ own engineer enterprise stop recruit construction worker .
but that be n't to say they stop hire people , but those they take in be all graduate with professional diploma from polytechnic school , technical college , and university ; these staff all went into management .
during the early ninety , the formal employee of this enterprise still have complete work team , such as bricklaying team , woodwork team , steel reinforcement team , and machinery maintenance team , but since they could not cope with a large volume of project task , they be already cooperate with some migrant worker unit , in other word the familiar " contract gang ".
a collision occur between tradition and reality .
due to formal work unit no long take on young employee , work unit get increasingly older and break up .
some staff ( extremely few ) enter management .
a few exceptional former team leader gradually become project manager .
others become material officer , safety officer and quality control officer , etc.
those without connection become staff monitor the construction site------similar to the security guard of today .
the worker no long form complete operate team .
and at this time , migrant worker unit gain an opportunity to develop .
the entire on @-@ site operation work be all carry out by contract gang .
work unit disband .
the status of these worker be also change .
the corrupt mentality that treat dinner and gift @-@ give be necessary for get thing done be deeply root in the mind of people from all walk of society .
in each case of corruption , those power @-@ wield bureaucrat , those scholar or technician who have corner the market in their field , those capitalist with vast wealth , they be the rule force of this society , and also the one who profit from the corruption .
the powerless , pennyless work public with no access to information technology resource %pw be the one who lose out from the corruption .
today 's society be corrupt in every direction , and the direct cause be the reinstatement of private ownership and the scrap of the public supervision of the mao zedong era .
in privatized society , everybody trample over others try to maximize their own interest .
doctor who do n't receive ' red envelope ' have no motivation to properly cure the patient .
teacher openly ask student to give them gift ,
gang ringleader use cash to have the media make them out as hero ,
capitalist try to annex state @-@ own property team up with scholar and academically demonstrate state @-@ own monopoly to be the reason behind corruption , and then reap in the profit .
frequently the public , under the guidance of the mainstream media , only concern themselves with administrative and judicial corruption ; this in itself be a type of corruption .
do commodity price have a base value worth talk about ?
do commodity have a true value ?
these be already element of uncertainty .
with thing , less be more ; sell as much as you want , as long as somebody will buy .
in fact , in a socialist country one cannot act in that way .
in the area of profit from commodity , there have be no system in place and no legal provision ever since the reform , there be no last word on how many multiple of cost profit be allow to be , or what percentage .
china 's self @-@ sufficient , natural economy be not without any advantage . at least it do n't try to reap large profit off its own people ,
now the exact opposite be the case .
a home appliance - whether you be chinese or a foreigner , which regional category you fit in , whether you be a big city or a small city , whether you be a worker or a peasant - be always the same price .
not know how much profit be in there , not care who can afford it and who can n't , these do not seem to be the principle of socialism .
and with farmer ' grain and rural product , if the country do n't wipe out agricultural tax and do n't offer any subsidy , keep on produce be a problem .
in order to improve the people 's live standard , the government set thing so that grain be always the same price whether sell to big city or to rich people .
with this kind of ratio in existence , in struggle area try for a comfortable life be very difficult .
this issue should attract the close attention of economist .
december 26 , 1975 , mao zedong have his 82 th birth day , his last one .
upon turn 80 , mao zedong feel apparently that he be old and would die soon .
therefore , around his birthday those few year , mao zedong have always talk about life and death from time to time .
one thing he often say be : " 73 and 84 be age at which you will be go even if the king of hell do n't call you ."
also since he turn 80 , people have be pay more and more attention to mao zedong 's birthday .
within the country , people dare not celebrate his birthday publicly , so they would celebrate quietly at home .
local government dare not present gift to mao zedong , but would convey their blessing to mao zedong in various way .
in the year before mao zedong pass away , his hometown hunan would specially send thing like long life noodle on december 26 every year .
for this , mao zedong have accept with pleasure , which be quite unusual .
despite microsoft 's status as the globe 's most financially endow high @-@ tech leader , bargain with microsoft be something that be sure to leave you greatly disillusion .
microsoft 's dictionary have never contain the word " generous ".
so when the jerry yangs hope that by bargain they can bump up microsoft 's purchase price , they be be very unrealistic .
microsoft raise its price ever so slightly already represent a big concession , prove that it really do want to get its hand on yahoo ! .
ultimately choose to give it up be obviously a very painful decision for microsoft .
right from the start , this be a super acquisition that lack bite ; despite the number be huge , even if the acquisition be successful , truly revolutionize the framework of the internet be simply not possible .
however , when the acquisition do fall through , it be also quite disappointing .
to us global observer watch the bustle scene , give up the acquisition be like a play stop abruptly halfway through , without ever get the chance to watch the rest of the fun , and indeed there be no shortage of theatrical transformation .
we have no choice but to return back to our mundane life , and wait for this increasingly passion @-@ destroy industry to come up with the next affair of note .
since last september , when his daughter be diagnose with symptom such as bloody feces and kidney stone , zhou jin have be in succession to yongzhou in hunan , hebei , xiamen , beijing , guangzhou , and more to take his daughter to hospital for treatment , but the child 's illness have continue to improve and decline .
this september , zhou jin , work in shenzhen , take his daughter to the shenzhen children 's hospital for examination and treatment .
the result of the examination be that the upper rectum be severely infect and the right kidney expand . the kidney stone find in previous hospital treatment be not find this time .
zhou jin say that his daughter , a little over two year old this year , have eat sanlu milk powder for over a year . last september after the bloody feces appear , family member take his daughter to the yongzhou hospital for examination . the doctor inform them that " there be no better treatment method , just have her drink more water ."
worry about his daughter 's illness , zhou jin ask the county hospital to issue a certificate to transfer her to another hospital , to let his daughter go to a better hospital for treatment .
the hospital medical administration department tell zhou jin that issue of the certificate to transfer to another hospital would require the approval of the ministry of health , and more than one month would be need .
" i go repeatedly to find the relevant health department , but they pass my case back and forth . i be helpless and could only take my daughter to the place where i work -- xiamen , to carry out treatment ."
have to suffer this pain .
the doctor in charge tell us that the kid would be out of danger if he could just urinate .
get him to urinate could n't be more difficult !
this urine be more valuable than gold .
he do n't pee at all during the first two or three day in hospital .
we be all desperate at that time .
the hospital already arrange for him to undergo dialysis surgery .
and my satisfy son finally urinate .
out of danger at last , but one trouble pass and another one took its place , there come an acute diarrhea and fever , he be stooling several dozen time every day , you can imagine the suffer .
he have just dance a circle around the grim reaper , and encounted this problem on top of that . i be really worry he would n't pull through .
i do n't know what be happen with the injection treatment at the hospital - the more they inject him the worse the diarrhea , nothing would stop it .
after a few more day of treatment , the kid 's diarrhea be a little better and the doctor get him to do an ultrasound .
the kidney stone have be wash out by the medicine . there be no more stone on his kidney .
the hospitalization be very expensive and our family could n't afford it , so we have no choice but to leave the hospital and go home .
on the night of dragon boat festival he pass out a stone by himself , it be a sedimentary one .
the whole family be really excite , we all think he be better , that he be cure .
over 200 han pupil in 15 th primary school in urumqi be inject , *and there be actually uyghur student from the same school involved*, it be shock !
on the day of september 1 st alone , at the entrance of " longyuan supermarket " on urumqi 's friendship road , two people be inject and sent to hospital .
on the same day , in shuimogou district , no.106 bus have just pull up at the gaojiazhuang stop when several people be inject , soon , the uyghur assailant jump from the bus and flee , but they be soon detain after bystander give chase .
the 920 and many other bus also experience a number of poison syringe case .
on august 31 , the no. 17 bus explode near xibei road , while the no. 14 bus be bomb at the same time .
nevertheless , all news be block .
but witness shortly after spread the news to the outside world by telephone - urumqi security be extremely deteriorate !
even more ironic be in late august , when *president hu jintao* have just visit xinjiang on an inspection tour . upon his return to beijing , the situation in urumqi be far from settle , instead the *uyghur terrorists* become even more rampant , and the number of attack and bombings be increase rather than decrease !
the incompetence of the xinjiang government would make the central extremely troublesome !
listen to yesterday once more by the carpenter , see the photograph album in which photo show collage of compatriot receive award , i do n't know when people should cry , and my heart be lose .
after so many year can they still sing yesterday once more ?
dear friend , let me fill in some of the word for the melody right now in my heart .
do n't worry , the cold @-@ blood be n't me , it 's a part of my heart .
if an olympic game be hold take the damage done to mankind by industrial pollution as theme , i think our dear motherland should be able to win a gold medal and a champion of win the grand total in gold medal . i just do n't know how the open ceremony would be run , how volunteer should be recruit , or which song should be sing lustily .
the title of the sick man of east asia once go far away follow the revolutionary course brim with victory , but after see this group of photo , i feel that they have whistle back with this brand new attitude of faster , higher , stronger .
what be different be that i dare not expect for ; in what way can we have again " the destruction of opium at humen " with " uphold the country 's interest with one 's life ".
because we and our motherland cannot depart from this shock pollution . what we can do be just to improve , adjust and vaguely hope .
the people who have be sacrifice have , without choice , use their life to pave the road to success for another group of people .
at that time , ten of thousand of city youth head to the countryside , but by no mean be all of them be true believer .
some be under pressure to show their " revolutionary zeal ", others go because there be no job in the city .
the poverty and backwardness of the countryside be appal , and most of the educate youth become disillusion .
in the middle of the 1970 's the intensity of the cultural revolution wane , and one after one the youth return to the city or go to study in university , but back then there be n't an exam to get into university , it depended on your political background and behavior .
jianguo be not one of these . he work for seven year in a rural part of inner mongolia , become a village head , and be very popular with the local .
he be a dab hand at work the field , and could match the local when it come to drink spirit .
he marry an old school friend of his from beijing , and she stay behind for him , the two live their own little life together in the country .
although the villager have no interest in the various kind of " revolutionary practice " that jianguo try to make them adopt , he be honest and kind , and his generous personality won their friendship and affection .
after jianguo have return to beijing for not even a few moth , the student movement in tiananmen begin .
jianguo go to the square to listen to speech and sing , and watch a new generation of student be rebellious , and be shake and move .
twenty year before , the god of the " red guard " be mao , but the ideal of young people now be wear jeans and a t @-@ shirt , and a new statue have be erect : lady liberty .
at that time i live in beijing , and every day go to the square . when we run into each other , jianguo do n't say much . however it look like he have a million thought stir in his heart .
one afternoon , i go to see an active figure in the square , and arrange to go together with him .
friend greet me with smile , and ask me to go into their tent , as a meet of student leader be go on inside .
jianguo be just behind me and have just start to come inside , when my friend frown and stop him : " no , you can n't come inside ! "
i explain , say this be my brother . my friend listen with surprise .
beijing @-@ born and beijing @-@ raise jianguo , he look today completely like a villager from the countryside .
wang peirong think that this be relate to blockage in the usual report channel .
he point out , all of his report be make under the circumstance that the normal report do n't work , and he have no choice but make report online .
a typical example be that the fall of dong feng , the most debaucherous secretary labeled as one @-@ husband @-@ with @-@ two @-@ wife in the country .
wang peirong think that dong feng 's absurdity and corruption be actually an open secret , but nobody investigate and penalize ; and even though wang peirong report on this use his real name to the concern department for one year , no one bother to inquire about it .
wang peirong also think that report online be equivalent to publicize the corruptive deed of the person be report against . once under the public eye , the possibility of any blatant cover @-@ up become greatly reduce , thus , make it easier to investigate and penalize .
many people will ask , chargeback rival be make by an individual , so what be the relationship with 360?
there be likely three original reason why 360 use a person 's name to issue chargeback rival :
general manager zhou have do too much bad stuff on pc 's , and do n't want to offend too many people on cell phone , so he find an individual author to act as a scapegoat ( if a cell phone sp company know that it be 360 that block their way . each one of them be tough.);
use an individual author to issue it , it be easy to defraud the grassroots netizens of their sense of identification and sympathy .
if you see i be an individual netizen , who have be charge money , so make a piece of software in order to help everyone solve this problem , then how move it seem from the outside .
use an individual author to issue , there have be a strong power of captivation . many company in the sp and wireless realm would definitely think that a product from an individual author would not have much influence , so would not pay too much attention to it .
nevertheless , 360 already do this under cover of promote chargeback rival in large scale . once after chargeback rival become dominant on the situation , then it be to be transform into 360 .
have see no hope from xu ming , wang peirong then could only post the relevant problem online .
not only that , wang peirong 's generous and courageous endeavors have lead to revenge from the report on numerous occasion : when report the corruption of li rongqi , he be severely beat up by hire goon ; when report the black force , he be retaliate by the black force , and hospitalize for the injury .
but these have not be able to halt the momentum of wang peirong 's report .
however , in the program , wang peirong call out to the party and the government to set out policy and provision to protect the personal safety and legal right of whistle blower .
this program of <<news night banquet>> on jiangsu tv 's city channel , cause a great uproar in the community .
but in contrast with this , wang peirong , well repute as jiangsu 's " number one person in online anti @-@ corruption ", be now suffer unfair treatment .
because of pressure from the report official such as li rongqi , china 's university of mine and technology have suspend wang peirong 's teach duty .
how china university of mine and technology respond to jiangsu mainstream media 's positive and active appraisal of wang peirong ; how well they treat wang peirong ; and how they protect wang peirong 's legal right , be unavoidable question place in front of the mine university 's decision maker .
the chinese defense budget for 2012 be rmb 670.274 billion , increase by rmb 67.604 billion and 11.2 % compare to the previous year 's estimate budgetary expenditure .
the chinese military expenditure be increase too fast for america , and the increase be currently over rmb 100 billion , but what on earth can china do with this additional amount of more than rmb 100 billion dollar ?
based on the current exchange rate between the renminbi and us dollar , it amount to more than us $ 10 billion , which can purchase more than a hundred of the latest 3.5 generation western fighter plane .
if it be use to manufacture chinese j @-@ 10 fighter , over two hundred plane can be produce , or perhaps even more . in one go , china can improve its prowess in the air by a margin even greater than the total sum of a mid @-@ size western country .
in fact , what america really fear be not the increase of military expenditure , but rather the rapid rate at which china be upgrade its military technology , which may enable china to overtake america soon .
compare to america , china have many inadequacy , for instance , its high technology development be not as mature as america 's , and its basic infrastructure , the standard of education of its citizen , development of its system and so on be also lack . however , china have its own natural advantage , and that be china possess a long history and stability of culture .
some people point out in their comment that this be a serious disadvantage to china when compare to america , as they say that china be carry too heavy a burden which will hinder rapid development ,
in fact , this reason be extremely incorrect , the chinese culture be profound , so whatever problem the country may face , it can draw on its historic experience ,
for instance , when china deal with international affair , it can learn from how the yuan dynasty handle foreign trade and the problem of co @-@ existence between multiple ethnic group , or it could at least draw a lesson from the negative experience .
currently america be drastically cut down on its military expenditure , however it fear that china will substantially increase its military expenditure . america be desperately attempt to return to the pacific ocean as it wish to continue to contain the growth of chinese military strength ,
america control the strait of malacca , and a large majority of china 's ship vessel be under its control . however if america wish to maintain the development of world trade order , its expense will naturally be enormous .
if it be not for the financial crisis , a number of western country have state that they would not have consider budgetary issue for american military deployment .
as a matter of fact , neighboring country need not be too sensitive to the sharp increase in chinese military spend . they fear that china will pose a direct threat to them , but chinese history have show that china have never have the habit of wield its military might to challenge western country , but as for how they habitually view china will depend on the profound influence of the chinese culture .
china do not like to show off , prefer to restrain itself , and the same be true in the field of military matter .
up to now , china reveal that it have three model of the 4 th generation stealth fighter plane under research and development , and the j20 be expect to enter mass production and service next year , which be a direct blow to america ,
however , what be even more terrify for america be that this chinese fighter plane model have already display surprisingly advance performance during combat , and it be fear that its level of technological advancement cannot be match by the f22. after all , this model of fighter plane have never participate in actual inspection up to this point .
perhaps this be understandable for china , but it be inevitable that the 4 th generation chinese fighter plane would create a stir .
the original order have be disrupt . after all , the chinese fighter be no less powerful than the american one .
accord to american media report , china 's military expenditure be expect to reach us $ 200 billion in two year ' time ,
of course there be a strong possibility that this number have be greatly exaggerate , and it be also embellish by the china threat theory . however , such move by america no longer have much effect on china , even if the chinese defense expenditure reach us $ 200 billion , america cannot do anything to china ,
recently , china adopt an aggressive stance , cast negative vote on the syria issue three time , and in relation to japan 's name of the diaoyu island , beijing appear to be send a message that ' we have accumulate sufficient power , and we be not afraid of your distortion of the truth .'
the chinese military expenditure be soar . by contrast , america be continuously cut down on its military expenditure , repeatedly assert that its prowess will be replace by small but elite troop that will not affect its capability . as it be nothing more than self @-@ consolation , therefore , it cause widespread concern throughout america .
certainly , this be clearly a refurbished version of the ' military threat theory ' from america , and it be now change to a ' threat by military expenditure theory ', however , china be use to finger @-@ wag and criticism from america , and as china grow increasingly confident , this writer believe that america will terminate its friendly economic relation with china soon or later ,
china 's soar military expenditure imply that china be reluctant to be limit to a position as the world 's no. 2 , and nor be it content to be world no. 1 in name only . instead , it intend to recover its historical 1,500 @-@ year glory as the leader of the world .
the content be not quite the same as the title ...
let me whisper this : do business in america depends on connection , and red packet be also accepted~same as in china ... :)
face with rascal and hooligan like the americans , the chinese have no choice but to arm themselves .
indeed . i wonder what our military expenditure be like in proportion to america 's , and besides how much of our military expenditure be genuinely spend on sophisticated national defenses , if it be really spend on advanced defenses , there will never be such a thing as too much ! compare to america we be still lag far behind !
now that vice president xi have visit america , the direction for the sino @-@ american relationship have become the focus of world attention .
but no matter how sweetly imperialist america talk , i have no hope for imperialist america .
imperialist america have always be a country fail to live up to its word , and as long as something be in its interest , it will spare no effort and use any mean to get it .
the relationship between china and imperialist america be like that between the sheep and the wolf , and do n't expect the wolf to change its ambition ,
the wolf and the sheep can never be friend , even if so , it 's only an illusion on our part , it 's only a wolf in sheep 's clothe .
ultimately , it will reveal its wolf nature , and i hope the sheep will not be fool by it .
the whole world expect china and america to coexist peacefully , jointly preside over and deal with international affair , and build a peaceful new international order .
the peaceful coexistence of china and america be also the common wish of the people in the two country .
nevertheless , the peace we aspire to will be only our good wish .
china be the fallen petal that have the intention , but imperialist america be the heartless flow water .
maintain friendly relation with imperialist america be only the wishful think of some chinese !
though there be a great distance between china and america and there be no territorial dispute , unlike our relationship with the polar bear , there be a direct conflict of interest .
however , due to ideological difference between china and america and the lack of the necessary trust and communication in handle international affair , it be particularly imperialist america , in its effort to contain the development of china and its threat to its hegemonic position , that make trouble wherever possible to constrain the takeoff of the chinese dragon .
actually , imperialist america have the initiative in term of whether the two major country , china and america can get along ,
china have do a lot , and sacrifice a lot , for the sino @-@ american relationship ,
out of its wishful think , china use its warm face to caress the cold ass of imperialist america , but it be still unable to win imperialistic america 's sincerity , cause the sino @-@ american relationship to waver and even fall backwards .
in future time , as china challenge its world hegemony and imperialist america attempt to retain it , more clash will happen , conflict will be inevitable , and the struggle will become ever more ferocious .
in recent year , as china 's reform and open @-@ up campaign have reach greater depth , the people 's live standard have improve substantially , and its defense and military strength have also develop rapidly .
the status of china as a major world power have begin to be more prominent , and in deal with and direct international affair , china have play an ever more important role .
china 's rapid growth and rise have gradually threaten and challenge the hegemonic position of imperialist america .
this make imperialist america restless , and it have devise every possible mean to contain and check china 's development .
imperialist america want to upset and restrain china with its military sale to taiwan and the taiwan issue !
the taiwan issue have become an everlasting sorrow in the heart of all descendant of china .
imperialist america want to control the middle east and suppress syria and iran mainly because it covet the important strategic location and abundant resource of the middle east .
imperialist america want to overthrow the bashar regime to get rid of the polar bear 's only military base in the middle east ! it do not want the influence of the polar bear to exist in the middle east region over the long term .
imperialist america want to topple iran mainly to take on china , to control china 's resource and contain china 's development .
in addition , it also want to suppress the polar bear and squeeze the live space of china and russia .
in today 's world , the only country that can constitute a threat to the hegemonic position of imperialist america be china and , to a lesser degree , the polar bear .
imperialist america have have far @-@ reach strategic foresight , and each step it take serve to consolidate its hegemony .
imperialist america be suppress china in an all @-@ round way , and we can see imperialist america 's meddle presence in the economy , politics and military affair .
imperialist america have be support little japan , india , the philippine servant and the vietnamese monkey , disturbing the stable environment around china to disrupt the peaceful development and rise of china .
imperialist america be now pompously return to the asia pacific region and reshuffle its military deployment , directly targeting china .
taiwan be the deepest pain for all chinese , because imperialist america have long take taiwan as a pawn and use it as a bargain chip in the struggle with china .
it 's a pity that many chinese be still hope to make friend with imperialist america and maintain a friendship with imperialist america from generation to generation .
furthermore , the many strategic adjustment and idea of imperialist america be all aim at the rise china .
many advance weapon have be tailor @-@ make for china .
compatriot ! wake up ! imperialist america have already aim its gun to our head , do not keep daydream !
imperialist america take china as its prime rival and enemy , give up your fantasy that you can make friend with the enemy !
the best method be to make good use of our time to step up our own defense and military construction , cast away all the illusion , and get ready for war !
our ancestor wisely say , " harbor no ill intention against others , but never relax one 's vigilance "!
this be the necessary psychology for get along with friend , but at this moment imperialist america be our enemy stare like a tiger watch its prey , make it more necessary for us to remain vigilant at this time !
china have make a lot of sacrifice to improve its relation with imperialist america , and china have all along tried to become friend with imperialist america ,
although china now need a peaceful and stable environment for its development , we can n't make continual investment without any return .
can sino @-@ american relation be improve ? is friendly development possible ? the key question lie with imperialist america , not china .
imperialist america have always hold the initiative in the development of sino @-@ american relation .
in fact , it be not difficult for china and america to become friend , because china and america , despite their ideological difference , have no land or territorial dispute .
though china and america have fight each other on the battlefield , the war be not directly between china and america .
if imperialist america sincerely want to make friend with china , it must display its sincerity and let the chinese people see actual action and result .
for china , the greatest interest concern imperialist america lie in the taiwan issue .
if imperialist america can stop its military sale to taiwan , provide no support to taiwan , and ensure peace across the taiwan strait , it will allow china to accomplish its great cause of national reunification .
if it refrain from meddle in china 's internal human right issue , and also do not intervene in other affair such as tibet , i believe that china will also sacrifice its other interest to reciprocate the good faith of imperialist america !
only if imperialist america do this can china and america truly become friend and co @-@ exist peacefully as friend from generation to generation .
will imperialist america give up taiwan ? absolutely not !
be use to be a hegemon , imperialist america like to intervene in the internal affair and human right affair of other country , and taiwan be the best chess piece for contain china , so i believe imperialist america will not easily let go of it !
there be even less possibility that it will tolerate a chinese challenge to its position as the world hegemon !
in the year to come , instead of become friend , china and america will only become rival and even enemy !
therefore , it 's unnecessary to harbor any fantasy about imperialist america , china should fundamentally change its mentality , there be no need to fear imperialist america , and we should be ready for a military confrontation with imperialist america at any time .
let 's win the respect of imperialist america and the whole world with our strength .
a peaceful rise be only our unilateral notion , because the big power of the world will not accept the appearance of a powerful china .
only baptize by war can china really become a world power .
the chinese should be ever vigilant and not be deceive by the present peace , active war preparation be the only right choice ,
only when our defense and military have become strong , will we be able to eradicate all aggressor , and only through the baptism of war can china become a truly powerful country .
in my personal opinion , there must be a war between china and america in the future !
what china need to do be to cast away its illusion and get ready for war .
china mobile be no doubt a monopolized operator in china , the biggest mobile phone market in the world . it have also express clearly its ambition to step outside the country and participate in global competition .
even though the performance of chinese company be not outstanding in the course of globalization , wang jianzhou , president and ceo of china mobile , be determine to change all this .
on the eve of the business week ceo forum hold in beijing on november 1 , wang jianzhou give an exclusive interview to the editor of the business week .
he state that the objective of china mobile be to become a world @-@ class company .
wang jianzhou , 57 , say in fluent english that china mobile , which be list on the hong kong stock exchange , have close to 300 million mobile phone user in mainland china , an equivalent of the entire population of the unite state .
this signify that china mobile occupy almost 70 percent of the market share in mainland china .
li yanhong , zhang chaoyang , shen nanpeng , ma huateng...
in the past 10 year , behind these chinese high @-@ tech magnate who emerge one after another be sure to be the shadow of the u.s. own international data group ( idg ) .
the annual idg conference be hold in sanya , hainan on november 3 .
apart from the seven partner , who be call the ' seven sword ' inside idg , the participant also include over 190 ceos of company that idg invest in and representative from investment bank and consult agency .
accord to the practice of the past six year , after each idg conference , there will always be some participant who make the list of magnate of the year .
i insist on not pay him . finally , he crack and flee in panic .
however , i be also at the verge of collapse because the people 's police at 110 whom i look forward to still have not arrive yet .
these day , overseas study have become popular . to friend and relative , it 's a proud thing to be mention .
children of the rich and government official , who do n't want to enhance their status through overseas study ?
let alone that get oneself a western diploma will make get a good job easier in the future . even old dad and mom make a parade of it everywhere would look exceedingly good !
however , those in middle class family or even lay @-@ off worker see those children of the wealthy and powerful go overseas , come back cloak in glory and all have a good future ( they do n't know that family wealth and good background of those be the only real guarantee ) . how wonderful ! thereupon , they pinch and scrape to send their child overseas ,
it seem that once they be send overseas , nothing but a wonderful future and unlimited glory will return .
nowadays , it be more often the case that those who do n't pass the university entrance exam and be waste their day at home without do anything be send overseas . with a bit of " toughen up ", everything will be okay .
wrong ! with a huge chunk of cash spent , the frighten thing be that the payoff fall far short of expectation .
even more frighten be that it hold the child back .
i 've be in france for several year !
what i have experience myself or , even more , what i have see be the countless who have give up their study year by year , those with wrecked health everywhere , those who sell their soul and even those who lost their life .
overseas study be a splendid term , but in return it demand youth , effort and staunch perseverance , as well as sufficient rationality .
life be never a bed of rose in any location , even more in a foreign land where there be a language barrier , different custom and no family or friend .
malformed society
the proposal on " the transfer of reproduction right " be originate from the same track the proposal on " control the number of rural children go to college "! what else be these representative if not do @-@ nothing politician ?
fuck you ! go to hell ! fuck your mother !
complete and obvious bullshit ! more sinister than directly sell and buy infant !
can china still be save ?
the one @-@ child policy be the most insidious policy , thoroughly antihuman and racially discriminatory , an open trample on the right of survival right for han people as a whole . those who formulate and implement this policy be all fascist ; they should be bring to trial at the international court , and the people principally responsible for it should be hang .
this guy really be a " representative ", a @-@ ha .
as know to all , shanghai and hong kong have very low birth rate and mainly depend on migrant to maintain their population size and keep their population young ; there be good economic development ;
in recent year , due to labor shortage , million of black people and southeast asians have come to the southeast , and have cause vary degree of deterioration in social order .
just like shanghai and hong kong , china depends on immigrant and at the same time pursue the one @-@ child policy , make the plan policy look like a very clever policy !
shanghai and hong kong maintain their social development by absorb migrant from other province , what will happen if china prepare herbal medicine by the prescribe method and absorb foreigner ?
do n't wait till the situation have become unmanageable and then drive away the gypsies as sarkozy do ; german chancellor angela merkel have just recently declare that germany have fail to build a diversified society and will limit the development of the immigrant population ; now that the sheep have be steal , no choice but to mend the fold !
before long , the dividend for the population would wear out . as immigrant laborers swarm in ( these people be not subject to family plan ) , the population would soon experience racial replacement , and china , as yugoslavia do , would soon disintegrate !
the black , arabs , and vietnamese , one after another , would demand their right , autonomy , and independence !
one after another , the local area would become independent , as kosovo do !
the minority people in xinjiang and tibet can bear more children , cause the proportion of the han people compare to the population of the frontier ethnic region to decline quickly ;
the regiment of troop and sichuan women that such national hero as zuo zongtang and wang zhen take great pain to transplant into xinjiang and tibet be be quickly exterminate by the one @-@ child policy ; the undercurrent of xinjiang independence and tibetan independence be get ever more rampant !
the family plan policy and the one @-@ child policy have put the country in an dangerous as stack egg , and pose a threat to the survival of the nation .
family plan have effectively reduce the chinese population by 300 million , postponing the day of 7 billion by 3 year ; accord to the plan of the plan commission , even if the chinese population be reduce by 1 billion , the day of 7 billion will be postpone for just another few year !
but the chinese nation will be on the brink of extinction . such selfless notion which nobody will have until evolve into a nonhuman creature , surprisingly , have become a reality in china !
the issue of population and ethnical structure be major issue for the survival of the country !
family plan be part of the plan to massively exterminate the han people , and the begin of divide china !
the family plan policy be extremely stupid and the ultimate in self @-@ castration . it be unprecedented from a historic perspective and will be unmatchable in the future ; and in the global perspective , it be totally unique !
the self @-@ harm policy fully embody the malice of the enemy and the stupidity of the those in power , bring disaster to both the country and the people , be totally void of conscience , contribute nothing to the contemporary time , leave a legacy of trouble for a long time in future , and will definitely become a joke that those throughout all history will ridicule !
the other day , xinwen lianbo report that the difficulty for enterprise to hire worker have extend to the west and sweep the whole country !
the family plan policy be extremely stupid , bring disaster to both the country and the people , and be totally void of conscience !
improve population quality require transfer reproduction right to the rich ?
through free exchange on the market , nearly everything can be buy and sell .
today , the right to bear a second child be also become a popular product with the rich .
they have money to buy the right , to bear the child , and to raise the child .
as to these transfer and transaction of the right to bear a second child , let 's have a look at how the representative argue and legally struggle with government official at the " two meeting ".
why do they propose such a transfer on the right to bear a second child ?
to this question , li xinghao @-@ the author of this proposal , npc representative and chairman of zhigao group , say that such a transfer be beneficial to improve the quality of the population .
transfer to which kind of person , exactly ?
this representative identify 3 group : first , people with strong educational background ; second , the rich class ; third , civil servant .
li xinghao assert that " in today 's society , people with strong educational background , the rich class , and civil servant have relatively high social status , relatively good economics mean , and can ensure basic educational condition and a good environment for the newborn population to develop in ".
why be such transfer practical ?
li xinghao give his own specific explanation from the angle of market supply and demand .
he say , " for a transfer , people be not classify into the rich and the poor , but into those who have a demand and those who do not .
he say that the original motive for this proposal be root in his discovery that some family legally allow to bear a second child , due to their poverty and other reason , would become even more impoverished if they be to do so ;
while some rich family have a strong desire to bear a second child but do not have the allowance to do so .
he think that this conflict really exist , and the relevant governmental department can take the initiative to establish a transfer platform ."
this transfer proposal by representative li be indeed very smart .
on the one hand , it help the government to reduce and narrow the gap of wealth ;
on the other hand , it also solve the structural conflict of the reproduction right market @-@ the poor have allowance but cannot afford the birth and upbringing , while the rich want to bear children but do n't have the allowance .
based on representative li 's proposal , the rich will voluntarily reduce their per capita wealth by bear and raise more children , while the poor will increase their per capita wealth by bear and raise fewer children .
through such transfer and transaction of the right to bear a second child between the rich and the poor , the government can unnoticeably narrow the ever @-@ increase gap between the poor and the rich without spend a single cent .
how can the wealth gap be narrow through such transfer ?
this representative li have envision a fast track for the get @-@ rich @-@ first people to guide and assist the get @-@ rich @-@ later people . that be , " the allowance transferee shall give the transferor ' an entire sequence ' of help and support ."
" accord to li xinghao 's plan , through lottery @-@ type draw , the transfer platform establish a one @-@ on @-@ one guidance and assistance relationship between the transferee and the transferor .
as part of the assistance , the couple apply for the allowance to be transfer in to them will buy the transfer couple all the basic insurance currently require by the government , include social insurance , medical insurance , and personal accident insurance , and will continue to provide them with a minimum live guarantee for the rest of their life .
meanwhile , the applicant couple will also provide financial support for the education of the transfer couple 's child until he or she graduate from university .
what 's more , if the transfer couple intend to register as permanent urban resident , the applicant couple shall buy them a 35m2 socially subsidize apartment in the city where the applicant dwell , but all of the transfer couple 's land use right in the countryside will belong to the applicant couple ."
what do our family plan official think of this proposal that the state " utilize the transfer of right to bear a second @-@ child to improve the population quality and make the get @-@ rich @-@ first help the get @-@ rich @-@ later so as to realize common prosperity "?
in response , " yesterday , zhang feng , director of guangdong provincial family plan commission , make his stance clear to the media that the right to reproduce be absolutely not transferrable .
in the event that the right to reproduce be transfer , it would not only be a violation of law , but also bring moral question if it involve a transaction ."
through transfer their right to bear a second child and the concomitant obligation impose on the transferees , the poor can get rich with the guidance and assistance from the get @-@ rich @-@ first class , if the proposal can pass and become law , the poor undoubtedly have find in the rich class , well @-@ educate class , and the bureaucratic class an obedient son to provide for them up until they die . marvelous indeed .
he claim it be not a transaction , but how can it be otherwise ? in this bundle of obligation for common prosperity , where be the dignity of the poor ?
do not the bundle of obligation propose by this representative li still imply a contract on the exchange and transaction of land use right ?
certainly , without such exchange of interest , why would the rich take an interest in provide for the children of the poor ?
if the legislature really want to adopt this proposal on the premise of the get @-@ rich @-@ first class lead the get @-@ rich @-@ later class to become rich by give them one @-@ on @-@ one guidance and assistance so as to improve our population quality and narrow our wealth gap , it must ensure fairness in such exchange of interest and during the transfer .
transfer together with a wet nurse .
follow it with interest .
for a transfer of the right to marry , people be not classify into the rich and the poor , but into those who have a demand and those who do not . since i discover that some men who have a legal right to marry , due to their poverty and other reason , would become even more impoverished if they do marry ;
while some rich men have a strong desire to marry n concubine ( because their mistress often fuss about want to get marry ) but they do not have the allowance , and would be guilty of bigamy .
i think that this conflict really exist , and the relevant governmental department can take the initiative to establish a platform to transfer the right to marry .
pillage the flesh till the bone be see ?
interest ... interesting
logic of hooligan .
directly transfer the wife
a pack of luxury cigarette range from as little as a few ten of yuan to more than a hundred yuan , if you smoke a stick , you be puff away one month 's salary for an ordinary worker .
if it be buy with public fund , it may be say that what they be smoke be not cigarette but the " blood and sweat " of the taxpayers .
npc representative ma wenfang propose that consumption of tobacco product on public expense should be universally ban .
there be of course many reason as to why we lag far behind in meet our tobacco control objective .
but one of the undisputable reason be that a huge smoker 's group exist within our huge contingent of civil servant .
among this legion of smoker , a considerable number smoke " free cigarette " which they do n't have to buy with their own money , as they be receive as gift or buy with public fund .
it be precisely because they be not use their own money that they usually smoke luxury cigarette which be unaffordable for most people .
their track performance for blow smoke ring also have a compound effect in repeatedly set new record for consumption expense by civil servant , and it have become an organic portion of officialdom corruption as a whole .
it be precisely this horrify social backdrop that prompt npc representative ma wenfang to solemnly set forth her proposal that consumption of tobacco product on public fund be universally ban .
in our country , there be many civil servant who think their family name be " gong " and such that every expense incur by them , regardless of whether it be for public or private purpose , should be bear by the public . therefore , consumption on public expense can involve almost everything imaginable .
for instance , besides luxury cigarette , other example include luxury liquor , fine wining and dine , luxury car , and overseas tour , and whatever luxury enjoyment and extravagant entertainment they can imagine , they would want to have them all and enjoy them to full , use public fund to settle the bill in full .
if the supreme authority have to draw up separate regulatory document to address every single item for consumption on public expense for nationwide circulation in order to check such extravagance , the mountain of document will really extend towards the sky .
in fact , all that need to be do be to clearly include tobacco product within the anti @-@ corruption regulation ' relevant clause for prohibition of consumption on public fund , and it will suffice .
as for the remain issue , we must ensure that the order and prohibition be fully enforce . if any civil servant dare to violate the law , he will be severely punish accord to the law and regulation .
if this be really carry out in all locality at every level , there would be no cause to worry that the corrupt practice of consumption on public expense , include smoke on public fund , cannot be curb .
after deputy and committee member have move into their quarter in the hotel , how would service staff greet them ?
some greet them with " deputy so @-@ and @-@ so " or " committee member so @-@ and @-@ so ; " while some call npc deputy " chief , " which make some deputy , especially deputy from the grass @-@ root level , feel somewhat embarrass . some deputy even request service staff to " not call me chief ."
call deputy and committee member who have move into their quarter in the hotel " chief " be , of course , out of the hotel service staff member 's formal respect , but it have actually cause misunderstand of the identity of deputy or committee member .
as major national event , the convene of the two conference have clearly provide the path ahead for our development .
however , at the two conference , accord to common sense , the identity of " deputy " or " committee member " be generally use , that be , " deputy xx " or " committee member xx." but i cannot say much for the mention of " deputy as a chief ."
through the subtlety of greet , we can see common people 's sense of awe towards " deputy " and " committee member ."
actually , when provide service to deputy and committee member , what 's wrong with be a bit simple ?
would n't it appear more cordial to directly greet them as " deputy xx " or " committee member xx ? "
after greet them as chief , do n't you have a sense of awe and awkwardness ?
as deputy , they should equally treasure their own first identity . deputy or committee member be neither an administrative official post nor a honorary title . this identity mean enormous responsibility .
at the " time of the two conference , " deputy and committee member should have an even heighten sense of responsibility . no matter what kind of social status you yourself have , remember firmly your own first identity and most important identity be a deputy , a committee member .
this be just a tidbit at the two conference . the conference that follow will unfold more exciting content in front of us .
they be scumbags
gosh , they even dare to use the word ' awe .' common people could n't wait to ' despise ' them , how could they have a sense of ' awe ? '
what would you say , which thingy there be publicly elect by common people form by the first , second , and third person such as you , me , and him ?
before the two national conference be convene , various major news websites and periodical across the country in succession invite netizens and reader nationwide to submit " suggestion for the two conference ."
this writer from " suggestion for the two conference " submit by netizens across the country on various major news websites on the central government 's strengthen of effort to oppose corruption and promote honest government , better supervision of the government and official , and severe punishment for people engage in embezzlement and corruption .
when cppcc delegate mao xinyu check in to attend the " two conference " and spoke of a motion he propose this year , he say the emphasis be on anti @-@ corruption effort .
the anti @-@ corruption drive involve everyone , from the ordinary people below up to and include the delegate to the two conference .
at present , public expenditure on food and entertainment nationwide have already reach 300 billion a year .
such a huge figure for public expenditure on food and entertainment crowd out expenditure on thing vital for people 's welfare , include education , hygiene , healthcare , and social security .
figure list in a bill draw up by the jiusan society 's central organization before the two conference in 2012
be really unbelievable : annual public expenditure on food and entertainment actually reach 300 billion ! how large be this figure of 300 billion ?
if we save this 300 billion and invest it in the economically undeveloped and impoverish region in china , how many school could we build ?
how many poor family could we assist ? how many children force to leave school could we assist ?
it 's a pity that this 300 billion be squander with no result , waste in the pursuit of debauchery , by corrupt official - how could our people not hate the " parasite " hide among the membership rank of the communist party ?
when corruption among government official be bring up , the ordinary people all gnash their teeth , but the ordinary people be , after all , the ordinary people , and can only look on helplessly in silent fury .
the ordinary people cannot afford to upset government official , for if the ordinary people dare to upset government official , they would be crack egg against rock . not only could they get more than they bargain for ; if something go wrong , they could end up in prison , or even endanger their life .
every year , there be case across the country where ordinary people , because of report government official , suffer the disaster of imprisonment if they get up lightly or the disaster of death if they be dealt with harshly .
it be common for ordinary people , with no other mean of redress , to post on the internet out of resentment against savage land requisition or the savage demolition of home and force relocation by local government official , but what fate do they often bring on themselves ?
local government official easily pin some label on you , and you can even be chase and arrest by public security body across provincial boundary .
the most terrible thing be not the government official , but the power that lie in the hand of these official .
how can we prevent the " three type of consumption on public fund ? "
if we be to prevent the " three type of consumption on public fund , " we must first " block " the official ' mouth ,
but this be easier say than done . why ?
as people work in a lower @-@ level work unit , if leader from higher @-@ level work unit come , do you dare not to entertain them in the most respectful way with nice thing to eat and drink ?
if they be not entertain well with nice thing to eat and drink , after they 've go , will official in the lower @-@ level work unit still have a future ?
to their subordinate , senior leader be all their " masters." you can n't afford to upset any of them , and whoever upset them be in for it . if you rub them up the wrong way when you 're try to butter them up , you won't just jeopardize your official position , you won't even know what the consequence will be .
to stop the " three type of consumption on public fund , " senior official must first " block " their own mouth .
in april 2011 , when the no. 6 inspection group of hubei 's provincial party committee go to yichang city on an inspection tour of zigui county , a national @-@ level impoverish county , the local government official be both delight and worry .
what delight them be that they have an opportunity to report their problem to senior leader and have them take seriously by them , and what worry them be that there be 13 people in the inspection group , come for 20 day or so , and the entertainment expense , the cost of the gift , and the inspection fee and various other item of expenditure would altogether come to 801,900 yuan .
how could this national @-@ level impoverish county pay the bill ?
this example be the best illustration that if we be to prevent the " three type of consumption on public fund , " we must first stop the senior government official .
if the upper beam be correctly place , the lower beam will not go awry .
if the central state authority be to stop the " three type of consumption on public fund , " they must dare to do what they mean .
it should be say that wining and dine on public fund as point out by scholar be an objective reality .
with the increase prevalence of the alcohol culture at the grass @-@ root institution , alcohol have already be ferment and adulterate by the so @-@ call " bureaucratic culture " beyond recognition .
some people put on high @-@ end wine banquet try to please their superior , some people use alcohol as gift to seek personal gain , some people consider it a type of pleasure to get people to drink by use beer game , and some people get carry away because of their addiction to alcohol or drunkenness , adversely affect their work .
every year the amount of food trashed and money waste as a result of wining and dine on public fund be even more appal .
this writer have live for a long time at the grass @-@ root level and often heard and witness some grass @-@ root official almost sit at meal gathering or attend banquet every day , and never get tire of it .
how much be the wining and dine expense at the grass @-@ root level in one year ? a specific number be virtually never publish .
actually , the insider be well aware that this be a considerably high expenditure .
who should be blame for the grass @-@ root official ' wining and dine become common practice ?
speak with regard to the grass @-@ root level , it be indeed necessary to conduct rectification and to straighten thing up accord to the relevant regulation , but focusing on the grass @-@ root level alone may not be enough .
throughout the year , various type of inspection group and investigation group , as numerous as the hair on an ox , come and go in an endless stream , also make the grass @-@ root institution overburden . some grass @-@ root lead cadre , with no choice but to run between the various dinner party every day , also feel somewhat helpless .
there be also many people wallow in the array of wine glass and poker chip become " vessel for wine and bag for food ."
this writer met with some township official . face more and more dinner party , many of them be feed up with it , but also feel force and helpless .
the reason they explain be that entertain be just for solve problem .
a township official , use his finger to count , tell this writer that in order to solve financial , road repair , canal construction project and so on , they must entertain the relevant personnel and department head , otherwise it will be of no avail .
when i look back to all these year , the urban construction in beijing have experience rapid development .
some people say that it borrow the easterly wind of the olympics . however , i think otherwise .
even though the 2008 olympics allow beijing to display its charisma in front of camera of all caliber that frocked in from all side ,
it have almost be four year since the olympics and the urban development in beijing still have not stop .
speak of urban development , the most representative one be none other than the beijing subway .
those who be born and raise in beijing in the 80 s can almost be call the generation who grow up sit on the subway .
the public transportation then could not be consider as convenient compare to now . bus could hardly be say as provide easy access to all direction .
however , with their extensive coverage , the two subway line provide novelty and convenience to many beijing resident and visitor who travel from afar .
the subway be a distinguish traffic feature of beijing . as one of the first chinese city to have underground transportation , the emergence of subway have provide everyone more choice .
this underground railway line that run through eastern and western beijing have become beijing 's symbol of alternative culture .
day by day , beijing be develop , so be its public transport and highway . eventually , it will usher in the alarm data of 5 million car in 2012 .
meanwhile , the crowd highway and complicate road traffic cause people to have greater expectation in the development of the subway .
i have to applaud the continuous increase in the effort in subway construction of beijing in all these year when i talk about subway development .
in july 2001 , with the success in the bid to host the olympics , beijing subway line 13 also usher in the completion of the entire line and become the newest member of the beijing subway family .
meanwhile , in october 2007 , the closely watch subway line 5 go into operation . it become the new trunk that link southern and northern beijing and intersect with line 1 .
while beijing resident enjoy the modernization of subway line 5 , in july 2008 , the first phase of construction of subway line 10 and in september 2009 , subway line 4 and line 8 all became operational one after another . at the same time , all suburban district and county be all connect by the subway successively .
in about 10 year time , the beijing subway transform from an underground supplementary mean of transport that only have two line to a 15 @-@ line underground transportation network that cover almost the entire beijing from changping in the north to daxing in the south , mentougou in the west , and tongzhou district in the east .
such rapid development be almost unimaginable by anyone and unachievable by any country .
while 2012 be quickly approach , there be even the spectacular scene of four line open at the same time . it be veritably " put all firepower into operation "!
the rapid coverage of underground transportation have bring along prosperity to surround community of the subway . resident no long have to worry about which bus route to take when they go out .
more resident gladly choose to travel by subway . it be both convenient and cozy .
needless to say , the subway have bring about convenience to the travel and work of the resident . more commendable be that the convenient subway have allow more resident to give up their car and choose such green mean of transportation that be environmental friendly .
not only do a reduction in car on the road alleviate traffic pressure on the road ; it also reduce the pressure of air pollution so that more resident can cheer for the blue sky of beijing from their heart .
these be all contribution of the subway . yet , where do the contribution of the subway come from ? they be naturally from the rapid development of the subway in beijing within these 10 year .
the development of the subway be the same as the rapid global development of the city of beijing , it will become a permanent city symbol of beijing and a benefit project that earn the satisfaction of the resident and the respect of the world .
beijing force ma ying @-@ jeou to declare stand on unification , taiwan can no long turn back
it can be say that the election that cover five major city have stir up a storm in taiwan .
in the midst of all this commotion , james soong make a sudden appearance to come head to head with ma ying @-@ jeou in the election .
this make the already worry ma ying @-@ jeou even more anxious , but there be nothing he can do .
this be link to the earlier stand mainland china make regard military cooperation with taiwan . in addition , james soong have express clearly that his take part in the election be to tell ma ying @-@ jeou that he have work hard to get the 1992 consensus from mainland china and ma should not let everyone down .
regard the chaos in taiwan and the future ultimate unification of mainland china and taiwan , what else do we still need to face ? what else do we have to do ?
regard the " weathervane " of ma ying @-@ jeou 's stand , what other preparation should we make ?
james soong 's transfer of allegiance be to force the undecided ma ying @-@ jeou to declare his stand on the ultimate unification
soong 's transfer of allegiance be , in a certain sense , a kind of response to mainland china 's intention .
on the issue of mainland china and taiwan , ma ying @-@ jeou have get a lot of room for maneuvering ,
from play the taiwan independence card for the sake of the election to play the card of attack mainland china and achieve military balance for the sake of the election . however , on the issue of the ultimate unification of mainland china and taiwan , not only do ma ying @-@ jeou fail to make any progress , he even take a big step backward .
in the past , he be stand close to the middle . now , he be start to gradually follow the footstep of the dpp . he keep push the bottom line of mainland china for the mere sake of manipulate the election . furthermore , he completely ignore the compromise make by mainland china and the effort it have put in for peaceful unification .
to save the taiwanese economy , mainland china have make huge policy adjustment such as absorb taiwan 's excess industrial capacity , buy taiwan 's excess agricultural product , give several taiwanese political figure room for international affair to carry out international affair , etc.
however , after all this wait , in the end it have to face ma ying @-@ jeou'a a double @-@ head snake that be seemingly false and real at the same time .
therefore , face this undecided ma ying @-@ jeou , james soong step up to defend mainland china !
be n't ma ying @-@ jeou want to score more point for his selection ? be n't he want to elevate his position through manipulate the people ?
the moment james soong appear , the situation change ! this be to force ma ying @-@ jeou to stop manipulate the election and declare his stand on the ultimate unification of mainland china and taiwan !
ma ying @-@ jeou be not mainland china 's only choice , but mainland china be go to be ma ying @-@ jeou 's only choice
so , what card be old ma leave with to play ?
military purchase - fetus die in the womb ;
economic development - eclipse by the prosperity of mainland china ;
culture - fully integrate with mainland china as well ;
as for military affair - taiwanese soldier , whether ex @-@ service or in service , be all under the control of mainland china 's military department .
as for the key taiwanese figure who hold military power , mainland china have long ago convince them with reason .
fellow countryman should not slaughter one another , and brother should not turn against one another - this make the taiwanese military less hostile towards mainland china .
as for the withdrawal of missile propose by ma ying @-@ jeou , it be also no longer an issue now .
so what be ma ying @-@ jeou still wait for ? for a major change to take place in taiwan ?
to mainland china , ma ying @-@ jeou be no long mainland china 's only choice .
mainland china be actively seek all force in taiwan that can be seek . even the dpp be start to change its course .
however , ma ying @-@ jeou , who be hold on and keep his mouth tight , have no other choice except mainland china , in other word , mainland china be ma ying @-@ jeou 's only choice .
basically , all the big boss of the kuomintang have visit mainland china and even receive vip treatment , get all the respect they deserve .
so , be ma ying @-@ jeou think about his future position or the great cause of the national unification ?
ma ying @-@ jeou might offend some people in taiwan who be eager to achieve taiwan independence , but ma ying @-@ jeou can gain the respect of the entire chinese population of 1.4 billion . compare the two , it should be clear which be important and which be not .
when nixon visit china back then , he turn the sino @-@ american relationship around . so , do n't ma ying @-@ jeou want his name to go down in history ?
could it be that be the bill of a chicken be really better than be the anus of an ox ?
hence , ma ying @-@ jeou should understand that he be only one of the choice of mainland china . it be up to him whether he want to achieve success and acquire fame .
watch out for ma ying @-@ jeou 's continue military resistance against unification by the lease @-@ to @-@ own method
though the unite state have recently increase its military presence in the asia pacific region , it be show a rare undecided stand on the taiwan issue .
the unite state be no long able to tell where taiwan be head , because all taiwanese senior politician be talk about unification and there be less and less talk about secession .
furthermore , a certain tacit agreement between mainland china and taiwan regard the diaoyu island have make the unite state feel somewhat unable to do what it want to do .
however , some people from the unite state and taiwan be still somewhat intelligent .
they no longer talk about military purchase but start propose a lease @-@ to @-@ own method for taiwan to get weapon .
the weapon taiwan have now be old .
the lease @-@ to @-@ own method might bring some advantage in conduct cut @-@ edge military confrontation with mainland china , but fundamentally speak , taiwan no long have the strength to fight against mainland china .
if it continue to take its old path of resist unification through military force , then it will meet a very tragic end !
diaoyu island will be a touchstone - taiwan can no long turn back
of course , there be still many opportunity for mainland china and taiwan . for example , the diaoyu island be the first touchstone of cooperation between mainland china and taiwan .
when it come to the diaoyu island , mainland china and taiwan can jointly deploy naval vessel , jointly defend the diaoyu island , and join hand in fight japan .
recently , within taiwan , active action have be take concern the ownership of taiwan as well .
for example , there have be active change as to how the japan issue be treat , how the historical issue of the resistance war be treat , and how the issue of taiwan as part of mainland china in the past be treat .
it be these change that make the entire taiwan , from top to bottom , reach a consensus that it can survive by stay close to mainland china .
face mainland china 's offensive effort towards unification , taiwan can no long turn back .
taiwan will become another traitor if it go into japan 's embrace . only by go into mainland china 's embrace will taiwan have a bright future !
in short , james soong be merely someone through whom mainland china 's stance range from active cooperation to slight warn be demonstrate .
if ma ying @-@ jeou do not want to oversleep after go back to bed in the morning , he must truly face what the people of both side of the strait have be hope for for a century !
it be up to him whether he want to be a sinner of the nation or a meritorious contributor to the nation !
when that time come , the people of mainland china will respond enthusiastically to ma ying @-@ jeou !
what 's go on !
damn , these people who do n't learn to be good should rot at home . why be they come out ?
endanger the society !
really , one should not be a samaritan
if you help the other person get up but she do not appreciate it and even push you , then you should not help her anymore .
yet you help her again ...
do n't tell joke at the seaside . it will trigger tsunami
it be really too tragic
meet violence with violence do not benefit anyone
woe of the society .
those who make trouble after get drunk should be punish without leniency . detestable
the follow be a quote from qiuyeyuanmaoerkong from the second post :
the perpetrator be not go to be hold responsible just because they say they be poor ! ? who dare to be a samaritan in future ! ? ...
it be really tough be a good person .
the old man be look for trouble ...
nowadays , there be many scumbags around~
the follow be a quote from *miyamiya* from the seventh post :
nowadays , one should not do evil , but one should not do good , either
damn , nowadays one should not be a good person
" the society always make you feel painfully scare . every day , there always seem to be countless reason that make people curse ! "
this be well say ...
this be what you call unforeseen misfortune
people say , do not do good thing . he do n't listen ... sigh ,
scary
the follow be a quote from ninth inspiration from the tenth post :
what 's go on ! damn , these people who do n't learn to be good should rot at home . why be they come out ? endanger the society ! ...
why do n't they get knock down by a car and die after get drunk ? scumbags !
the follow be a quote from zhukong81 from the 16 th post :
woe of the society ...
good people be beat into extinction just like this , they 're all done for
right , you 're so old , why do you go and help a young man up ... it 's tough to be a good person
it 's tough to be a good person
never be a good person ... always remember ...
if severe punishment be not give , in future everyone will pretend to be drunk and make trouble
cup
a letter from the victim 's family
first of all , i would like to thank a kind @-@ hearted person for call the police immediately . i would also like to thank the public security authority for the prompt capture of the perpetrator .
early in the morning on september 1 , my father , as usual , be ride his bicycle to gucheng park for exercise . at jiuli street , he see someone lie on the side of the road , and so , out of kindness , he go up to check up on him and ask him to go home soon . then , three people run up to him , kick and beaing him ( accord to the police , they have drunk four case of beer at the time ) . as a result , my father 's skull suffer serious injury . he bleed profusely and lose consciousness . by the time he be take to the hospital , his pupil be already dilate . however , with prompt rescue give by a doctor , he survive . as there be serious bleed , the doctor perform a life @-@ save surgery to cut off a piece of skull from my father 's head to remove blood clot . due to profuse bleed , some of the blood have already flow into the brainstem and bottom of the brain , put his life in danger .
right now , my father be in very serious condition . on september 1 , he undergo a 5 @-@ hour craniotomy . on september 2 , he have a tracheotomy and a respirator be use to help him breathe . currently , he be still unconscious . after these few day of hospital treatment , he be sometimes able to move his arm and foot , and he be show sign of recovery .
as his children , we feel very terrible now . it have be six day since the incident . under the police 's advice , the perpetrator finally give 10,000 yuan . we have already deliver the money to the hospital . now , almost 50,000 yuan have be spend on the medical bill . we do n't know when we can get money to pay for future medical bill .
we have now already receive a payment reminder from the hospital . if we do not pay on time , the hospital will stop supply medication . when that happen , i cannot bear to think of what will happen to my father .
our family have very poor live condition . my mother only get a minimum welfare pay of 380 yuan , and she have diabetes . my father be a retire coke plant worker . his pay be also just a bit over 1,000 yuan . i be do odd job at a factory , and i have not even make any medical insurance or pension contribution . my elder sister be also an odd @-@ job worker . she have also not make any pension or medical insurance contribution . furthermore , i be go to be a father soon . i have a very heavy family burden . our family now can only rely on my father 's pay to survive . we absolutely cannot afford such high hospital cost .
it have be six day since the incident . as victim , we have the right of a citizen to know some thing :
1. where be the perpetrator from ? how be their family and financial condition ?
2. when can the case be submit to the procuratorate ? when can public prosecution be initiate ?
3. we hope the perpetrator can cooperate actively and take practical action to work together to first save my father 's life .
4. we request to meet the parent of the perpetrator .
we hope the news media can help us to jointly save the life of my kind @-@ hearted father .
we also ask the government department to coordinate with one another and be flexible to activate my father 's medical insurance card and save his life .
after the court verdict be out , all medical cost will be pay back to the medical insurance bureau .
a million thank to the city resident and media for the concern they have show us in this incident . may all you kind @-@ hearted people have a life of peace !
victim 's son
why help him up when he be sleep happily ?
faint . the social morality system be about to collapse . everything must be tear down and start all over again . sigh
manhunt . post the picture of that bunch of perpetrator !
tragedy
what a turbulent society
nowadays , to be a good person be really not something you can do casually
hope the perpetrator can assume the responsibility
nowadays , to be a good person be really not something you can do casually . hope the perpetrator can assume the responsibility
sentence all of them to life imprisonment and let 's see if they be go to pay
poor old man . he 's still stick in the era of learn from lei feng . the society today be a mess .
it 's tough to be a good person !
it 's tough to be a good person !
punish severely ! it look like we have to mind our own business !
it be legal as long as three hour of sunshine can be achieve .
most high @-@ rise building with a space of 100 meter can certainly achieve that .
three hour of sunshine , from morning till night , can certainly be achieve .
most sunlight issue raise by the elderly men and women be indeed not against the national requirement , so they 're merely unreasonable complaint of the elderly as a result of their perceive discomfort .
even if there be a court judgment confirm that the developer be not against the law , they will still persist with their unreasonable demand .
reply to light @-@ and @-@ shadow @-@ hero on the 10 th floor :
three hour of sunshine be a technical term . sunlight analysis be need . setback of space be relate to not only the sunshine space but also the floor thickness . a sunshine space coefficient of 1 @:@ 1.4 can meet the requirement for three hour of sunshine on the day of great cold in taizhou . all we want be that the developer do the job legally , and make it clear that sunshine analysis have show that the minimum national requirement can be meet !
but what you say be also somewhat reasonable . the minimum standard be not acceptable to most people . they have a good reason to ask for more sunlight . however , this developer be too strong . we just want to secure the minimum legitimate interest accord to the national regulation , but even that be so difficult for us !
guanxi and operation , alas .
i remain poise
china : there be too many issue now ! be that because good official be too few ?
developer always want to make more money . we have a build here , which have not be pull down so far even after expose by cctv . how powerful the developer be .
the follow be a quotation of all owner of pengxinlidu build no. 14 's word on the 1 st floor :
all netizens and media be welcome to look into this matter . let 's see whether it will ultimately be " power over law " or " law over power " for the official in general secretary hu 's hometown when deal with matter concern a big developer ! ...
uh ... do you have legislative power or enforcement power ?
in zhenjiang , jiangsu , an old man do morning exercise help a drunk man up and be mistake as a thief and badly beat up
five young men who work as chef at zhenjiang hotel be stroll on the street in the early morning on the 2 nd after down several bottle of beer .
one of the men , ji , squat on the stone step of a bus stop .
mr. yang , an old man from zhenjiang who be in his 60 s , be pass by while on his morning exercise . after see that , he ask ji to go home soon , and then hold out his hand to help ji up .
however , ji mistook mr. yang for want to steal his thing , so immediately together with wu and ma , he batter the old man violently till he be seriously injure !
murderer all go for the head !
i think they mean to kill him !
latest news : victim mr. yang pass away around 9 a.m . on 9 @/@ 13 @/@ 2011. perpetrator remain under criminal detention .
however , this incident have not yet come to a close . the victim 's family may still have to wait for the police to conduct an autopsy on the victim .
regard this incident , both side involve have post relevant comment in this thread . they be in posting no. 74 and no. 77 .
a letter from the victim 's family
first of all , i would like to thank a kind @-@ hearted person for call the police immediately . i would also like to thank the public security authority for the prompt capture of the perpetrator .
early in the morning on september 1 , my father , as usual , be ride his bicycle to gucheng park for exercise .
at jiuli street , he see someone lie on the side of the road , and so , out of kindness , he go up to check up on him and ask him to go home soon .
then , three people run up to him , kick and beat him
( accord to the police , they have drunk four case of beer at the time ) ,
as a result , my father 's skull suffer serious injury . he bleed profusely and lose consciousness . by the time he be take to the hospital , his pupil be already dilate .
however , with prompt rescue give by a doctor , he survive .
as there be serious bleed , the doctor perform a life @-@ save surgery to cut off a piece of skull from my father 's head to remove blood clot .
due to profuse bleed , some of the blood have already flow into the brainstem and bottom of the brain , put his life in danger .
right now , my father be in very serious condition .
on september 1 , he undergo a 5 @-@ hour craniotomy . on september 2 , he have a tracheotomy , and a respirator be use to help him breathe .
currently , he be still unconscious .
after these few day of hospital treatment , he be sometimes able to move his arm and foot , and he be show sign of recovery .
as his children , we feel very terrible now .
it have be six day since the incident . under the police 's advice , the perpetrator finally give 10,000 yuan . we have already deliver the money to the hospital .
now , almost 50,000 yuan have be spend on the medical bill . we do n't know when we can get money to pay for future medical bill .
we have now already receive a payment reminder from the hospital .
if we do not pay on time , the hospital will stop supply medication . when that happen , i cannot bear to think of what will happen to my father .
our family have very poor live condition . my mother only get a minimum welfare pay of 380 yuan , and she have diabetes .
my father be a retire coke plant worker . his pay be also only a bit over 1,000 yuan .
i be do odd job at a factory , and i have not even make any medical insurance or pension contribution .
my elder sister be also an odd @-@ job worker . she have also not make any pension or medical insurance contribution .
furthermore , i be go to be a father soon . i have a very heavy family burden .
our family now can only rely on my father 's pay to survive . we absolutely cannot afford such high hospital cost .
it have be six day since the incident . as victim , we have the right of a citizen to know some thing :
1. where be the perpetrator from ? how be their family and financial condition ?
2. when can the case be submit to the procuratorate ? when can public prosecution be initiate ?
3. we hope the perpetrator can cooperate actively and take practical action to work together to first save my father 's life .
4. we request to meet the parent of the perpetrator .
we hope the news media can help us to jointly save the life of my kind @-@ hearted father .
we also ask the government department to coordinate with one another and be flexible to activate my father 's medical insurance card and save his life .
after the court verdict be out , all medical cost will be pay back to the medical insurance bureau .
a million thank to the city resident and media for the concern they have show us in this incident .
may all you kind @-@ hearted people have a life of peace !
victim 's son
latest development
victim : old mr. yang be currently still unconscious and in critical condition .
the family member of old mr. yang say tearfully that when the old man be be send to the hospital , his pupil be already dilate . he have be transfer to icu ( intensive care unit ) after receive emergency treatment give by the hospital .
the medical cost alone add up to as much as more than 5,000 yuan a day .
perpetrator : three men have be criminally detain by zhenjiang jingkou police .
after the three of them pay 10,000 yuan in total for the medical cost ,
the family of ma recently again raise 10,000 yuan to pay for surgery .
hereby , we hope the perpetrator will be able to show resolution in take on responsibility and face seriously the mistake that have be commit .
victim 's family : as old mr. yang be still in a toxic and unconscious state , he be unable to provide information about what happen at the time of the incident .
though the three perpetrator have pay 10,000 yuan compensation in total , it be obviously not enough to pay for the current medical cost that be increase sharply by the day .
furthermore , in view of the criminal detention time limit , can such punishment have a deterrent effect on the perpetrator ?
how about future medical cost ?
the yang family hope to get legal and media assistance .
associate incident
the moment this incident come out , this writer could not help but recall the " touch porcelain " case that happen two year ago !
case like the one where " a vehicle owner who help an old lady lie on the ground get up be accuse of knock her down " all raise a huge uproar across town .
sometimes , i even doubt the frequency at which such incident happen , life be get to really look like fiction !
the society always make you feel painfully scare . every day , there always seem to be countless reason that make people curse .
let 's not say much . let 's pray for the injure and hope the perpetrator get punish .
the perpetrator be not go to be hold responsible just because they say they be poor ! ?
who dare to be a samaritan in future ?
the important thing be to save life !
are there any solution ? provide legal assistance !
let the law show its might~
it take 30 day before public prosecution be initiate . even day lily wither by then ! ~
this be actually not about be a samaritan or not . many drunkard have lose their consciousness and will get in a drunken fit .
when you want to help , you have to see who it be . if you can n't handle , just call 120. sigh ...
severe punishment still should be give to those who commit crime after drink . if not , it will be chaos if everyone pretend to be drunk and bash up others .
nowadays , one should not do evil , but one should not do good , either
such a cup .
the old man be look for trouble . he should have keep a distance after see those drunkard .
would everyone agree with illegal construction of high @-@ rise building ?
now , in the hometown of our beloved general secretary hu , such a strange thing be happen .
here be the thing : shenzhen maoye developer have come to hail district , taizhou city , jiangsu province for urban construction , and be welcome by our people .
we do not oppose the construction of high @-@ rise building . however , the developer be go to construct a high @-@ rise build against the law . that be what we be resolutely oppose to !
maoye developer have plan a high @-@ rise build of 150 m in the julangchao lot of the old east station , hail district , taizhou city .
julangchao use to be the eastern suburb park , for which many of the old taizhou people have great affection .
pengxinlidu build no. 14 be just locate at the back of the julangchao lot , and now pengxinlidu build no. 14 be only about 100 meter from the external wall of the original building at the farthest end of the julangchao lot .
how do the developer meet the national requirement for build setback based on a minimum sunshine space of 1 @:@ 1.4 in taizhou ?
aside from the other sunshine shelter , how can the developer ensure a minimum three hour of sunshine on the day of great cold ?
it be certainly not feasible if they want to cheat about the 3 hour technically ,
the plain fact be just in front of us . moreover , be those few entity the only one capable of do sunshine analysis in china ?
we certainly will verify it . a lie will never become the truth !
if the developer can not even give us owner a minimum of three hour on the day of great cold in accordance with the national requirement , which have ensure its best interest , how can it give a reasonable and fair explanation to the society , the vast community of netizens and the mass ?
where be the conscience and moral of the developer ?
we understand that the developer want to get more benefit , but those be suppose to be legitimate benefit !
on the one hand , such act , if illegally infringe upon other people 's interest , will be detrimental to the reputation and long @-@ term future development of the entire maoye group . on the other hand , be people whose interest be infringe all fool ?
will they just let the infringement occur ?
the minimum 3 hour be already difficult to accept . if it be basically an illegal act that make the fundamental three hour even less , think about it - how will thing evolve ?
finally , the contradiction be bind to intensify , make the situation out of hand .
we hope that the developer can seriously think about this issue , avoid loss and seek its own legal interest through rational development and reasonable development accord to law !
if the developer be determine to infringe on our right and interest , we will surely unite as one to defend our legitimate right and interest !
the most strange thing be that some people of high rank even agree with the illegal construction of high @-@ rise building . we hereby earnestly request the people of high rank who agree with the illegal construction of high @-@ rise building to raise their hand and give us a way out !
all netizens and media be welcome to look into this matter . let 's see whether it will ultimately be " power over law " or " law over power " for the official in general secretary hu 's hometown when deal with matter concern a big developer !
all netizens be welcome to look into this matter !
hello , everyone !
previously , due to issue about the high @-@ rise building on maoye 's pre @-@ sale rendering and eia by the taizhou municipal environmental protection bureau , the young and old of pengxinlidu build no. 14 be neither sleep nor eat well . some be depress , and some be irritate . in short , we feel very angry .
now taizhou municipal plan bureau have give us a clear answer that those be simply rendering . upon verification , the plan bureau have request the developer to make modification . the bureau will definitely exercise administration accord to law , and never approve anything unless it be legal , reasonable and fair ! a forum and a hear will also be hold prior to approval ! a large stone in our heart have finally drop onto the ground .
we be move that in the face of such a huge benefit , our leader of taizhou municipal government and taizhou municipal plan bureau have stood unswayed , show a very noble sentiment and reflect the characteristic of the communist in serve the people , which be truly admirable !
all owner of pengxinlidu build no. 14 hereby express deep respect and gratitude to taizhou municipal government and taizhou municipal plan bureau for uphold justice ! people live in taizhou be happy , thank to the official care for them like their parent !
we thank the government for its concern over people ! we strongly support for the government administration accord to law !
all owner , pengxinlidu build no.14
july 29 , 2011
i hope that the developer do not come to compete against us for sunlight . how do we live without sunlight ?
all netizens and media be welcome to look into this matter . let 's see whether it will ultimately be " power over law " or " law over power " for the official in general secretary hu 's hometown when deal with matter concern a big developer ! for us ordinary people who be like dog shit in this society , it be ridiculous to discuss whether power or law be superior .
i feel really good about that oh oh
what 's the point of law over power ?
it be the powerful that make the final execution .
yeah , in the real world , we vulnerable group really feel at a loss as to what to do so often . the power of developer be too great ,
some relevant government department just blatantly give the green light to developer against the law and help them fool people !
so we have to frequently ask ourselves : be the law enact by this country really useful ?
be it really capable of restrain developer from grab through deceit or by force and illegally obtain benefit ?
but we can not just watch as the developer take away our sunlight , leave children and the elderly shiver at home in cold winter . if so , we can n't live a healthy life , nor can we enjoy the warmth of the sun !
japan have be think about invade china for a long time . would it need the assignment from russia to decide whether to invade china or not ? not to mention that the us only act against the political system of china ? was it still not enough for russia to be fool after 1991?
the weapon market in south asia have be dominate by the hairy country . though it be weaken by the us weapon market , however , the russian weapon market still occupy the major portion .
it be not russia deliberately make use of country on the south china sea to besiege china .
look at the chaos in the east china sea and the south china sea , even think with your ass , you will also know that it be the us rather than russia try to cause trouble .
firstly , russia be not a country with sea power . it have no interest in intervene and meddle in the issue of the east and south china sea .
secondly , at present , with the expansion and extrusion of nato , russia can hardly protect its own traditional zone of influence . we can say it be busy enough with its own affair .
and presently , the asia @-@ pacific military cooperation and nato be all product of the us 's two @-@ ocean strategy .
after world war i , two system have take place . one be the versailles system in europe and the atlantic , and the other be the us @-@ japanese washington system in the far east and the pacific .
the us stretch over the two ocean , and control the two system at the same time .
after world war ii , it take control of the two system respectively , castrate germany in europe , and japan stay alone in asia to be hermaphrodite , live on by help the us manufacture electronics and automobile product .
and now , the biggest enemy for the us be such large geopolitical power in the old world as russia and china .
while russia and the west have no so @-@ call estrangement in ideology and political system , nato still continue to expand to the east .
and now the asia @-@ pacific military cooperation be set up a blockage line and a ring of encirclement around the coastal region in east and south china .
the coup in central asia have not succeed . otherwise , once the ring of encirclement be complete , the northern land will cause a headache to you just as the east china sea and the south china sea .
do you still believe that china can become a friend of the us as long as it change its ideology and system ?
the reason for china to ally with russia be that both russia and china need to heal their wound from after the disintegration of the soviet union and with the savage hegemony of the us .
solve the exist territorial dispute be an important mean of realize mutual trust . of course china have make great concession . there be no other choice .
in fact , unlike china , russia have neither the policy of reform of open up nor a good future ( this precious opportunity be seize by china at the historical turn point then , while in russia , it be ruin by the two idiot at the critical moment . it also show that the russians be relatively inferior to the chinese people in term of both iq and eq ) .
the russians be bare @-@ foot , so they be not afraid of a china with shoe .
china have enough reason to make concession to russia . china have no fear . china have many opportunity and china have other approach .
although russia be not our friend , we should not turn it into an enemy .
russia and japan should not be equate with each other .
to the chinese people , if russia wantonly kill chinese people in china 's traditional area of activity like japan do , then in the sentiment of ordinary chinese people , they would hate russia as much as they hate japan . however , they do not .
the only case where they wantonly kill chinese people happen at the end of the tsing dynasty . it be the disputable hailanpao slaughter .
thousand or ten of thousand , the number be just a small proportion even compare with the population of the manchu .
it can even be ignore if compare with the chinese population of nearly 400 million . can it be equate with japan 's massacre of chinese people in the populate north and southeast of china ?
besides , russia be a european country with its strategic focus in the west . the far east be never its focus .
if the russians really want to seriously take china as their arch enemy , they should strive to construct the far east .
however , nowadays , with its own serious problem , it continue to abandon the far east and many city have become heap of ruin .
it show that russia 's strategic focus have be in the west , address the expansion of nato . only traitor will be advocate hostile relation between china and russia here .
the us can pose a greater threat and impact upon china than russia , especially in the core area of china .
the reason be simple . russia be a european country . the far east be not its focus , while the us be a country in the asia @-@ pacific region .
do you know the theory of sea control ? nowadays , be there more influence from the us or russia in the issue of the taiwan strait and the south china sea and the far east ? it be the us ! this be clear proof !
do you think that territorial water be n't territory ? in modern time , the strategic and economic value of territorial water be much more than those of land territory . one can only become a strong power and have a say in the international community by control the sea .
why be it not china , its neighbor , but instead great britain , separate by vast ocean , that make india into a colony ?
nowadays , russia have serious problem itself . its armament be quite obsolete , and the live condition for its people be extremely adverse . the population have face a sharp reduction .
the national elite all know the home country be hopeless , so they all run abroad .
it have become common practice for women to marry foreigner , and many of them come to china and become prostitute .
even the productivity of the population be seriously lack . it be impossible for it to constitute a threat to china .
and nowadays the us be besiege and contain china openly with a view of disrupt china .
why leave the current problem unsolved , but seize on russia , which have no ability to pose a threat to china at present ?
when it come to that russia occupy china 's territory , that be another story like the japanese do . japan want to invade the whole country of china , but can russia do that ?
russia be a european country with its strategic focus on the west , rather than the far east . its expansion to the far east in history be also partly non @-@ governmental and partly governmental .
japan be separate from china only by a strait , with the spacious pacific behind it . there be no menace from the rear if it invade china with all its strength . can russia do that ?
even if russia put a little bit more energy into the issue of china and the far east , can it ignore the affair in europe ?
moreover , we would rather say that russia have avail itself of opportunity , than to say that it have invade and occupy china 's territory .
at that time , those place be far away from china 's traditional live area . china 's exploration be a little bit later at that time . there have be few inhabitant around those place in history .
at that time , those place be bitterly cold place cover with waist @-@ deep snow . so we pay no heed to them .
although when it come to now , these place be of great economic and strategic importance . however , at that time we do n't discover that ; therefore , at that time even the ruler of china pay no heed to the place , and sent no immigrant there for quite a long time .
just like today 's ocean . from the perspective of today , they have huge economic value , so territorial water be also important territory .
however , in the past , they be not discover . and territorial water be not regard as territory . they even exercise trade prohibition on the sea area and close the coastline .
yet the russians avail themselves of a favorable geological location to occupy those place ahead of us . the russians be just avail themselves of opportunity .
at that time , it be a time when big power establish colony everywhere . unlike today , when the behavior of all country be bound by international law .
other big power have to capture colony by war . for example , it be through war that britain and japan occupy hong kong and taiwan respectively .
however , the russians get such a big place without much effort . that be because the ruler of china do n't care for the unexplored place .
they just avail themselves of opportunity . thing such as territory be hard to talk about .
if it be your imminent area of activity , it might be justifiable .
however , if it be a place that you do n't send immigrant to explore for a long period throughout history , and be take by others because of a favorable geographical location and convenient access , then as time go by it would be hard to say , after a certain length of time .
it would be barely passable for you to claim it to be yours . this be totally different from japan . can russia launch a barbaric war of aggression to occupy china 's imminent territory like japan do ?
can it provoke * to invade northeast china and launch an all @-@ out war of aggression against china because northeast china have become an imminent territory of china like northern china with the arrival and exploration of large number of immigrant from inside shanhaiguan pass ? it be impossible .
the opinion of the writer wuhan tuo la ji shou on the upper floor be brilliant ! however , by reverse the order of " subjugation of the nation " and " elimination of the entire race , " would it be in line with the historical fact ?
right now russia be clamoring " to build india into the top military power in asia." putin personally seal the arm sale deal to sell india advance weapon such as aircraft carrier , nuclear @-@ power submarine , t50 fighter and brahmos missile ... even the weapon it sell to vietnam be more advanced than those it sell to china . and it only sell china big airplane and carrier aircraft . its wild ambition be thoroughly expose !
it be a pity that the present dynasty be national scum support by the soviet union ! while the yellow russians be prevail , what else can the grass @-@ root folk do ?
it seem that all chinese hate japanese , and i be not an exception . however , have everybody think it over that it be russia who stir up the war between china and japan for fear that china would reclaim territory from it ? it be also russia that went between the communist party and the kmt and be able to achieve success one way or the other . and at the end of the war of resistance , it then stir up the civil war , and lure china to get involve in the korean war . if stalin be still alive , china would have more trouble !
even if it have prop up an agent in china , it be still concern about china . and in the 21 st century , it continue to play little trick of provoke anti @-@ chinese sentiment . it sell weapon to vietnam and check and seize the cargos of chinese merchant . its crime be so numerous that bamboo strip would be exhaust before they could all be record .
what be regretful be that our government deal with such kind of thing in different way . if the us or japan do so , mr. qin gang and ms. jiangyu would absolutely deliver a so @-@ call just and severe statement of condemnation . yet with regard to the incident of the chinese boatmen who be shoot by russia , there be not even a protest present . and it become an incident with no definite result in the year 2009 .
the greatest threat of subjugation of the nation come from russia . in history , country be eliminate by this nation be as many as the star in the sky . moreover , in the history of china , almost all geographical threat come from the north .
the greatest threat of " elimination of the entire race " come from japan . the seed of national hatred be indelible . once discharge accidentally , it would not be just territorial conflict , but a massacre .
the greatest threat of downfall of d come from the us . the dramatic contrast of ideology cause the us to treat all dictate ds in the world as target to be remove .
however , there be no need to worry that he would have any claim for territory .
the greatest threat to the economy come from the eu . the eu frequently take the opportunity of trade or human right conflict between china and the us to grab a large portion of the market , and squeeze the surplus value . now it have become our biggest trade partner .
personally i think the geopolitical environment of china be quite adverse . however , just as what the floor host say , the real threat come from russia .
welcome to the floor host~
do you want to get your blog , your online shop , as well as everything about you popular on the internet ? we can help you achieve all of these !
nowadays , the development of the internet make a lot of thing very convenient ... with the increase of internet user , company and enterprise pay much attention to their online
image . however , negative news about a company or enterprise spread much faster than positive news . once spread out , it be unmanageable @/@ difficult to delete
negative news on the internet . online market or online publicity . for detail , please contact at
qq : 534446433
phone : 18701954600
i come to support , support it
do you think nowadays that russia still have the capacity to do that ?
if the communist party of china do not put the practical interest of the people first , but continue to tolerate the corrupt government , the people would lose their faith in the party , and in the near future it could hardly be avoid that the territory of china would be divide by an alliance of the us and russia !
it be foreseeable that they have put their hand into our neighboring country , and they have instigate pressure on our country from all side . has n't the government in power run by the communist party been claim to be strong ? and now it be time for you to bring your wisdom into play~
the sino @-@ japanese war and the civil war of china be stir up by russia , and russia have the ability to force china to send troop to north korea ? nonsense !
for china , china and unite state have the biggest relationship in the world , and the sino @-@ us relationship be a trade @-@ off relationship .
in the most recent visit to the us by xi jinping , which be an exercise before he become the top official in china , the primary topic discuss be mutually beneficial economic cooperation of the two side .
the sino @-@ us relationship be very complicate . economically , the two side be partner on unequal footings ,
politically , it be a relationship between socialism and capitalism ; militarily , chinese and us militaries be in an isolated state .
therefore , currently china be play game with the unite state , i.e. how to offset the latter two relationship with economic cooperation .
next be a brief analysis of the main strategy of xi jinping 's visit to the us :
first , what be the biggest puzzle between china and the us ?
the biggest puzzle in front of china be how to maintain its relationship with the us as it become increasingly powerful .
to china , it cannot fall out with the us .
if china fall out with the us , then it will seriously consume china 's strength and will be very unfavorable for future development of china ,
because china will lose the situation of peaceful development internationally , such that china have to cope with not only the powerful military threat pose by the us , but also complicate relation in the neighboring area . this will seriously consume china energy for development .
therefore , on the premise of not fall out with the us , china , on the one hand , still have to maintain relationship with the us , while on the other hand , it have to precaution against the dirty trick that the us play on china .
second , it be not time yet to be tough to the us .
some believe that china should be tough to the us . be the us someone that yield to hawkishness ?
in the soviet union era , it get in a race for hegemony against the us , where both side be so tough that they become enemy , which provide the us the opportunity to break up thoroughly with the soviet union .
as the us do not need the ussr to exist as a great power , the us could attack the ussr and tackle the ussr without any hesitation .
the road china be go along at present be one where the two side be intertwine with each other , such that the us also suffer great loss when attack and impose sanction on china .
what 's more , many businesspeople in the us also come out to oppose the government 's behaviors . china will be able to truly rise as long as it can keep on for ten year .
as the ancient say go , a gentleman can afford to wait for as long as ten year to avenge . if china fall out with the us too early , it will put itself in a very disadvantaged position .
although we be strong today , it 's not time yet to fight the final battle with the us .
third , the two phase that the sino @-@ us relationship will go through .
it be not advisable to fight a major war in the china 's dealing with the us .
the author believe the two side could only undergo two phase . the first one be a period which see china grow in strength and the us feel seriously threaten .
the second stage be when china have become strong , the us be no long certain about win a war with china , such that it have no choice than to cooperate in order to obtain more benefit .
to avoid war between china and the us , it appear extremely important to carry out exchange between the two people .
next let 's have a look at survey result of americans view towards china :
an opinion poll of a us website show that 6 % of the people believe china and the us be " ally , " 69 % think they be " friendly but not ally , " and 4 % believe they be " enemy ."
survey result also show that 71 % of the americans believe sino @-@ us relation be " very important or somewhat important , " while the proportion be 85 % in opinion leader .
on the 14 th , the washington post say that in an opinion poll it conduct jointly with the american broadcast company , 52 % of the respondent see china in a negative way .
this result reflect two urgent issue . first , china be not that bad in the mind of american people , and there be still environment and scope to continue expand exchange .
second , if china and the us do not handle their relation properly , lack in communication between its people and the foundation or friendship , then the chinese and american people may turn hostile .
therefore , the chinese and american people must enhance cooperation and bring the two side closer through economic cooperation , so as to offset the discrepancy bring by military and politics .
however , it be undeniable that serious conflict remain between china and the us in some important area .
for instance : the taiwan issue ; human right and democracy ; north korea ; iran ; proliferation of weapon of mass destruction ; pakistan ; geopolitics and military strategy ; trade and currency ; intellectual property right and internet spy .
these puzzle cannot be overcome with the two character of friendship alone . after all it involve major interest .
so it be no secret to the two side . just like vice president xi jinping count on the us to oppose taiwan independence and tibetan , how could china count on a geopolitical enemy ?
national president be all master in politics , who know what 's at stake . however , what should be say should be say . the thing be if the us have say something , it will break its word if it do n't do what it say , which will show to people in the world that the us be immoral and its word do n't count .
anyway , between china and the us in the future , whoever be a better strategist and whoever come up with more sophisticated strategy win .
it require wisdom to be friend with an enemy . you can only fight a hundred war without defeat only if you know yourself and the enemy well .
this view tell us a fact that one will earn respect by develop military force
the cannon be thick
it require wisdom to be friend with an enemy . you can only fight a hundred war without defeat only if you know yourself and the enemy well .
chairman mao have say a long time ago : one will be beat if he @/@ she be backward . only development be of override importance !
it be fun ? they be order the dog they fee at home to bark at you , yet you have go to shake hand with them , look for slap
it be fun ? they be order the dog they fee at home to bark at you , yet you have go to shake hand with them , look for slap
brainwash the chinese people on behalf of the americans .
brainwash the chinese people on behalf of the americans .
be it the american system that 's superior or the chinese system that 's superior after all ?
i think taiwan and the mainland be already distinguish relative superiority or inferiority between them . the thread starter should take a look outside the country more
you look but not see the zg 's chaos in society , or be it voluntary blindness !
i also feel that there be more modern " traitor of china " than during wwii .
everyone have eye , look at the live situation of north korea and south korea - do you still not understand ?
venture exchange ,
if i take care of myself , that 's good enough , when the country need me , i 'll be compel by my sense of righteousness
if these traitor of china exist around 50 , 60 year ago , they would already have be execute by fire squad .
to make a conclusion , you must have something to demonstrate it
i do n't have time to go search
i wish lz would explain them one by one ...
their property and family be all outside of the country , of course they will , just like the official .
when the country need me , i 'll be compel by my sense of righteousness
i can just take a look , and dare not to speak my mind , the police can grab people , thread starter , i admire you for dare to speak ! bump !
the rule authority actually should pay attention to these kind of capitulators and traitor of china !
comrade deng xiaoping once say that the communist party will not be overthrow - if it fall , it will be bring down from within the party itself .
former us ambassador to china mr. huntsman once say in a speech in the us : we will raise eight hundred thousand spokespeople in china , let the chinese themselves topple china -
and the cia then use an annual eight million yuan subsidy to help these domestic so @-@ call elite , vow that they want to let them raise the wind to make wave domestically , citizen definitely need to be alert for this and cannot let outsider use us .
in the summer of 2005 , a picture that people have long be look forward to start emerge with frequency in various major hong kong media .
with their unique charm , these well - know cartoon image once again cause hong kong to be a focus of worldwide attention .
the world 's fifth disney park will soon open to the public here .
the most important thing about disney be that it be a global brand .
well , for several year , although it be still under construction and , er , not yet open , it can be say that many people have view hong kong with new respect .
then welcome to the official write ceremony of hong kong disneyland .
the construction of hong kong disneyland begin two year ago , in 2003 .
in january of that year , the hong kong government turn over to disney corporation 200 hectare of land at the foot of lantau island that be obtain follow the largest land reclamation project in recent year .
one .
since then , this area have become a prohibit zone in hong kong .
as its neighbor on lantau island , hong kong international airport have to change its flight route to make this area a no - fly zone .
mickey mouse 's new home , settle on chinese land for the first time , have capture worldwide attention .
there 's only one month left before the open of hong kong disneyland on september 12 .
the subway to disney have already be construct .
at subway station , passenger will frequently press the station for disney on ticket machine , try to purchase ticket to enjoy the park when it first open .
meanwhile , the disney subway station be schedule to open on the same day as the park .
for two year , disney have constantly maintain its mystery .
no media have be allow to enter for photo .
we take a taxi along the path of the highway that head toward disney , try to experience this mysterious park from close by .
however , before any of the disney symbol be in sight , the car be stop by a security guard at the intersection of the road towards disney .
on our way back , the taxi driver give us an explanation after understand our intention .
er , accord to what the security guard say , for the time before everything be officially open , open , all , no car can enter unless they have special permission .
no one can enter otherwise .
video record be especially forbid .
ah , everything be top secret .
if picture be take without permission , %pw that be to say , it will at all time be pursue by legal action , a big hassle .
although disney corporation choose hong kong as the venue for the chinese disney park , what they be actually most excite about be the mainland china tourist market .
since the implementation of the individual visit scheme between hong kong and the mainland , more and more mainland tourist be come to visit hong kong .
from the begin up till now , more than seven million individual tourist have , have come to hong kong .
well , we now , er , believe more will be come .
at this point , it have be about two year .
also , the current number of 34 city will be increase .
hong kong be develop from a fish harbor one hundred year ago to become today 's international metropolis .
here , eastern and western culture have gather , and the new and the old coexist .
when in hong kong , you can wander among skyscraper , heartily enjoy shop spree in well - know store and mall for goods from various country , and taste delicious snack from all over the world at tea shop or at street stand in mong kok .
you can go to burn incense and make a vow at the repulse bay , where all deity gather .
you can enjoy the most charm sun - fill sandy beach in hong kong .
you can ascend victoria peak to get a panoramic view of victoria harbor 's beautiful scenery .
or hop onto a trolley with over a century of history , and feel the city 's blend of the old and the modern in slow motion .
after dark , cruise victoria harbor at night to enjoy the enchant even view .
every corner of hong kong be fill with fun .
meanwhile , as various new item be constantly be add , what other kind of pleasant surprise will the hong kong tourism industry bring us ?
over the past 28 year , the ocean park have basically be a must - see destination for tourist come to hong kong .
watch spectacular performance by dolphin and sea lion at the ocean theater , and experience passionate scream and accelerate heart - beat adventure on amusement ride .
or ride the giant ferris wheel to get a bird 's eye view from high above of the magnificent panorama of hong kong island and the south china sea .
these item , which be the pride of the ocean park , have make this place the most popular tourist attraction in hong kong for some time .
however , since disney enter hong kong , the ocean park , share the same city as disney , have feel the pressure of competition .
to improve the park 's brand , they be plan to invest 5.5 billion in a renovation project start in 2006 .
it seem that for the future , we have a scheme , a major renovation plan .
that be , the entire park will be divide into seven section for renovation .
ah , additional , new , ah , attraction will be available for tourist .
it seem that those attraction like the north pole and the marine life center will also be renovate after several year .
are they go to be different from what they be now ?
they will be , in ten year .
ah , there will be more animal , and more animal species , different from what there be now .
it look like we will also bring in whale .
er , we will implement this plan as soon as it be approve by the government .
groundbreaking be expect to start next year .
yes .
the area of hong kong be only one thousand - plus square kilometers .
the population be dense .
natural resource be relatively scarce .
however , the clever hong kong people will utilize all resource they have create for develop the hong kong tourism industry .
among these be the avenue of star .
enter hollywood of the east ,
here , you can come up close with the star in your mind .
he be my .
she be my goddess , ah .
please stay with us on new world travel .
hong kong have always wear the crown of hollywood of the east .
over the past 100 year of film history , hong kong cinema have nurture many internationally renowned director , actor , and screenwriters .
they have shorten the distance between hong kong and the world .
hong kong movie have even become a window for the world to see hong kong , which have make the image of metropolitan hong kong more prominent internationally .
for this reason , in 2004 , on the waterfront promenade originally construct for view only the scenery of hong kong island and victoria harbor , the hong kong tourism board also construct the avenue of star , memorialize hong kong 's 100 - year film history .
here , tourist can learn about hong kong 's film history , and can come up close with the star in their mind .
hong kong be a busy metropolis .
even at dusk , the city 's pulse never stop beat .
across from the avenue of star , a special performance be stage every weekend .
%pw as our victoria harbor be %pw very famous , and , er , our nightscape be already very beautiful , by what mean could we enhance the dynamic beauty of our nightscape ?
so , one idea be to transform victoria harbor into a performance stage .
er , each key build be like a performer .
it be based on this that music and light be arrange to reflect each other and perform a unique , er , and fascinate multi @-@ media world - class light show .
let me now introduce to you all the well - know skyscraper participate in this large - scale light and music show .
the pla hong kong garrison plaza , bank of china tower , at 8 @:@ 00 every saturday night , hsbc main build .
their performance will be on schedule .
center of the east central .
ten landmark building locate on hong kong island reveal themselves one by one , participate in the show in full splendor , present a world - class light extravaganza to a musical rhythm .
whenever there be a major event or holiday , firework be also add to the light show .
some , er , city have consult with us .
uh @-@ huh .
their area of surprise be that those private , er , building , that be , the business community , ah , be willing to invest in our overall project .
yes .
the answer be that this be a reward to the entire society , not an individual build 's reward .
er , of course , after sars , we feel that all of hong kong hope to be involve , so that the hong kong tourism industry will recover , rebound together with other sector .
hong kong wetland park , which be currently under construction , be also one of the designate new project of the hong kong sar government for advance the hong kong tourism industry .
this be a park intimately connect with nature , be build by the hong kong government for its people who live in a city of reinforce concrete .
hong kong wetland park cover an area of 61 hectare , include a 10,000 square meter visitor 's center and a 60 hectare outdoor wildlife habitat .
in the indoor exhibition hall , tourist can learn about type of wetlands in various part of the world , and to gain knowledge about wetlands .
outdoors , they can also personally experience wetland ecology .
at the highest point of hong kong , er , from the highest point we can see two different ecological environment .
ha , on that side be many tall building , that be , town with lot of people live there ,
but behind me be our wetland park .
ha , entirely different .
quite primitive ,
er , a fresh water swamp ,
er , the wetland park exploration center .
lastly , far away you can see putian of shenzhen .
then , the bridge be , on the bridge be hong kong and outside be shenzhen .
you can come into intimate contact with nature in the outdoor wetland environment .
children can get to know different animal and plant , and even some crop that be rarely see in our daily life .
over here be paddy field , which be rather unique .
ha , there be aquatic plant inside .
ah , the most special be rice , because %pw many hong kong children nowadays have never see what rice look like .
look over there .
they be go to be ripe soon .
the long one over there .
oh .
yes .
with , with ear , ah .
where ?
ah , here .
perhaps there will be an introduction so that children will know the name of the crop when they see them .
let , let them get some understand .
mai po marsh adjacent to wetland park be a major wildlife habitat within asia .
each year , over 50,000 migratory bird fly over hong kong 's skyscraper and choose to roost for winter here .
as a result , three different type of aviary be build in hong kong wetland park .
these have become the best spot to observe bird .
among common bird , a rather special one be the black - face spoonbill .
it be an endanger bird species throughout the world .
uh @-@ huh .
ah , there be only about 1,500 in the world .
wow .
um , however , each year , about two to three hundred of them come to hong kong to spend the winter .
some of them , er , have stay in hong kong wetland park .
uh @-@ huh .
so , our park 's logo be unique , feature this black - face spoonbill , which hopefully can draw people 's attention .
uh @-@ huh .
wetland park worker be now in the middle of intensive work .
they will complete the park 's entire construction by the begin of 2006 , to be able to participate in the 2006 discover hong kong year campaign .
ah , we have establish the year 2006 as discover hong kong year .
why be that ?
because , as everyone know , our disneyland will open in september of this year .
in addition , we will have ngong ping 360 , that be , the cable car , er , to the giant buddha .
they add to what we already have , like the avenue of star , which be also very famous .
moreover , er , we be include our software .
hong kong 's software be very well know .
like what 's use in our symphony of light .
we hope to use , er , a variety of hardware and software to package this entire 2006 discover hong kong year .
without plan it in advance , they choose to settle here .
a dream that have be anticipate for more than twenty year will soon come true here .
because your line connect us with two --
in recent year , hong kong 's tourist attraction have gradually move from hong kong island to kowloon and the new territory .
two out of the four new attraction participate in the 2006 discover hong kong year be locate on lantau island of the new territory .
for this reason , lantau island have become a new hong kong tourism popular spot .
the earliest to settle here be this world 's largest outdoor seat bronze buddha .
in chinese buddhism , there be five direction - east , west , south , north , and center - and five buddhas .
therefore , hong kong 's tian tan giant buddha at the most southern tip of china , together with lingshan giant buddha in the east , leshan giant buddha in the west , yungang giant buddha in the north , and longmen giant buddha in the central plain , exist as the representative buddhas for each of the five direction of china .
as a result , this place have become holy land in the heart of male and female devotee .
however , to common tourist , more of what this place bring them be wonder and awe .
since this giant bronze buddha settle on lantau island , the world renowned hong kong international airport at chek lap kok and disneyland have also be construct here in succession .
the important status of lantau island be increasingly apparent .
no , it be totally inaccessible in the past .
in the near future , construction will also begin on a cross @-@ sea bridge connect hong kong , zhuhai , and macao .
in 1992 --
could n't go in summer --
so , after their return , macao , and hong kong , the two special administrative region , be basically still use ship and helicopter to stay connect .
it 's extremely troublesome to get there via land .
one have to go up to shenzhen , dongguan , then go through panyu , keep go up , to zhongshan , and certainly go to zhuhai , then pass through zhuhai to get to macao .
for a hong kong person choose to go there via land , it 's extremely inconvenient .
a full twenty year ago , hopewell holding group chairman wu ying - sheung , a well - know construction tycoon , boldly make a cross @-@ sea bridge proposal .
with this bridge , the distance would be very small , only a little over one kilometer .
however , due to various reason , bridge construction be put off .
this be what we have see since 1999 .
anticipate for 20 year , today this dream be finally come true .
well , originally the construction of the new --
with this new hong kong - zhuhai - macao bridge that basically lead to all three place , hong kong , macao , and zhuhai , basically , at the start of the bridge , you can get on the separate road to the place you want to go .
macao be this way , and zhuhai be this way .
from the perspective of either hong kong , macao , or zhuhai , our concept be a tourism zone .
er , %pw zhuhai for sightsee tour , macao for entertainment , and we have disneyland and other , other attraction in hong kong .
each place have different attraction of its own .
so , with this bridge , when some old friend , friend from mainland china or from foreign country come to our place , it seem they can basically enjoy a complete tour with great convenience in several day , before , ha , go home .
once the zhuhai - hong kong - macao bridge be build , it will no longer be a dream of tourist to enjoy gourmet food in macao before have fun at disneyland just an hour later .
promotion of hong kong disneyland have long since begun .
however , even though it have enter the last countdown period before its final open , this wonderland be still unwilling to take off its mysterious veil .
ah , currently it have be decide that disney will open on september 12 .
there 's also what we call soft open .
ah , they be now rehearse .
ah , different , ah , some group , they be rehearse their service , well , hope that they will become use to the service , be familiar with it , when our tourist come in september .
well , i be very confident , that when our tourist come to disneyland , they will certainly return home very satisfy .
the wonder tour will start from hong kong .
this dynamic metropolis never cease its movement .
it continue to explore ; it continue to open new world .
each day , there be always something new for people to experience and to love about this city .
hong kong be a world famous shop paradise .
what determine the position of hong kong as a shop paradise ?
be it because of abundant merchandise or high quality at low price ?
be it a paradise for the rich or the general public ?
after all , what be the joyful memory from inside paradise ?
we respectfully invite you to watch hong kong : a shop paradise in this edition of across china .
hello , everyone .
this be the cross strait program on cctv international channel .
welcome to our program .
first let 's focus on the main content of today 's program .
wang jin - pyng say that he have decide not to continue serve as kmt vice chairman .
candidate for the giant panda to be present to taiwan as gift from the mainland may increase .
taiwan 's military use taipei aerospace exhibition as an opportunity for press arm procurement .
recently , the 2005 ningxia investment and trade fair and ningxia - taiwan economic and trade cooperation seminar be hold in the city of yinchuan .
more than three hundred taiwanese businesspeople gather in this land know as " lush southern - type field north of the great wall , " begin their tour and inspection journey .
well , what be the unique charm in ningxia of the western region that have attract the attention of so many taiwanese businesspeople ?
please watch this edition of hot topic analysis for a detailed report .
the kmt vice chairman arrive at party headquarters to meet with kmt chairman lien chan on the afternoon of %pw .
after a long talk of over an hour , wang jin - pyng express his wish not to renew his term as kmt vice chairman .
he say that he will follow lien chan as a lifelong volunteer .
%pw
he can n't seem to help himself from apologize for anything and everything .
hallmark could make a fortune off of this guy .
i do n't follow , why should he apologize to palin ?
did palin apologize to giffords ?
he need to conduct a beer summit between palin and nbc .
mend some fence and get this country move .
he could call it the apology on beer tour .
hell , sell ticket and hire the chinese to cater the event .
who drop out after super tuesday ?
i think romney win big today and obviously stay in .
santorum get enough of a boost to do the huckabee hang around .
i think gingrich 's sole win in ga be enough to hang it up and go back to make million in the private sector .
i think the good doctor be too crazy to hang it up .
i will stick around until the end .
no one
i think mitt drop out...
ok , my answer be no one and obama win the ge .
the only one with any reason to will be newt , but i do n't think that he will .
ron paul say tornado victim should not get aid
nut .
my heart go out to the people in tornado alley and i have no problem with my tax dollar go to help the survivor rebuild their life .
if you have no problem with your tax dollar go to aid them then you 'd have no problem donate to them of your own free will .
not to mention that he 's absolutely right that they should have insurance to cover them .
ron paul be not quite bright .
he 's right in some way but it do n't translate into be right across the board .
this be n't like someone 's house burn down and they make an insurance claim .
everything be go , the entire infrastructure be go .
even if someone have insurance to cover their loss , that won't extend to the road , power line , sewer , public building .
the problem with this regime be aid be not distribute equally .
democrat get it , minority get it , white republican jurisdictions do n't .
aid be now patronage , good party member get it .
be n't it interest how libertarian ' desire for " freedom " correspond so neatly with skinflint who do n't want to give anyone , anything .
so while libertarianism attract people who want to be " free " it also attract cheap asshole who do n't want to pay their fair share .
perhaps when libertarian figure out a way to differentiate between the two , i 'll vote for them .
i get what ron paul be say .
thats what a hardcore libertarian would say .
but the rest of us be think about the people that do not have insurance and @/@ or need help right now .
kind of hard to build a house over night , mr paul .
kind of hard to import food consider that the store be probably wipe out too .
how do one survive until the insurance( hopefully by a respectable company ) claim come through ?
how do one survive when you have the fund but the people you need to buy the goods from have no address ?
i know , you get into your pickup and drive over to the next town -- if you can find your damn pickup ! !
homeowners generally have insurance , but federal aid be necessary to provide for the clean up , repair of electrical and water system , road , school , bus , etc. etc.
keep in mind insurance company be not in the business of pay claim , they be in the business of make money .
anyone who suffer a loss as have those who lost everything over the weekend will not be make whole , and whatever claim they receive will not come soon or easy .
ron paul and his libertarian idea be at best impractical .
no surprise there .
he have to win there to stay in , so ultimately this help mitt keep the vote split .
best outcome of the night would have be newt lose there .
he 's a nonfactor at this point and only in out of spite .
if he be out of the race , santorum might have have a chance .
the catholic church be oppose to contraception for moral reason .
where be the morality in create a life when food and clean water be rare commodity ?
where poverty exist and educational opportunity be non existent ?
where be the morality when disease be spread ?
where be the morality when a women be the victim of domestic violence ?
when a women be force to conceive and then trap as the child become a lever to gain more power and more control ?
i be with you .
if you cant fee , house and take care of a baby you have no business have one .
why be it literally 100 % impossible for the liberal mind to understand that just because you do n't want government involve in something do n't mean you 're against it ?
i 'm in favor of feed , clothe , and give shelter to the poor . i 'm against all the gov't institution that tax our brain out and who inefficiently attempt to provide some of these thing .
now be i just a genius who do n't know it , or be it really not that hard to understand such a simple concept ?
will they try to prop romney up with a strong vp to help make him more palatable - or will they bring in a new face ?
either way , they 've get a big problem .
are n't you one of the asshole who assure us how romney be inevitable as the gop nominee ?
i do n't think standtorum will tank , its go to be a close one till the very end , i be still root for a romney @/@ mcdonnell ticket .
wow , another solyndra @-@ type company who take our money and fail in their goal .
they lay off 125 employee , but give big raise to executive .
another scam that the media will ignore .
after see those bus tour to aig execs home , promote on acorn 's website , i be wonder why those same people be n't outraged at this .
maybe because it would look bad for the guy who promise to pay their mortgage , put gas in their tank , give them free cell phone and increase the welfare roll .
of course , the people on the aig bus tour likely do n't get soak with high tax to pay for this scam , so why should they care ?
this be not surprising or shock to me .
obama must pay off his supporter by way of cash infusion and call it " stimulus " money .
he be not lie to call it stimulus .
it stimulate others to be big contributor so they may be in on the next wave of free cash from the boy king .
another victory for the left because there be more people in need .
the government will rush in and show these people that government dependency be better than work and provide for themselves .
that be the plan with all the liberal policy .
no one should be expect to practice self sufficiency or concern themselves with personal responsibility .
increase the welfare roll till the taker outweigh the giver . only then can socialism creep in .
everything obama have do be straight from alinsky 's rule for radical . all of it .
if some on the left want to remain ignorant and not read alinky 's book to prove it , that be on them .
for those in the know , this be all quite predicable .
dumb , dumb dumb...
i 've always be a critic of judge who decide they be go to disregard the will of legistlatures and the populace and impose these thing , but here 's a case where they do it the right way ,
they pass a bill , and christie the hutt decide he 's stull suck up to be rombot 's run mate .
christie be be set up on this one and the legislature call his bluff
it will make him a big shot with the gop in 2012 but by 2016 if he be to run for president " christie veto gay marriage " will be a millstone around his neck .
by 2016 most americans will have gay marriage available .
christies denial of marriage privleges to gay will alienate independent and his " i want to have the people vote on it " will ring hollow
it be santorum that be the by far major nonromney candidate and newt would appear to be the spoiler .
when the situation be reverse gingrich argue that santorum be help romney get the nomination and for the good of the conservative cause santorum should drop out .
now that the same logic would apply to gingrich drop out , should he ?
sure , why not .
i think santorum be go to be the last of the " not romneys ", and newt have have his moment .
who know . he may make a comeback .
of course money be a problem for him so he may have to drop out .
santorum or mitt . i could vote for either one .
no , why should he ?
he be , if nothing else , insure that he 'll be able to sell book after the election .
i mean you do n't really think that any of these guy really give a shit about their party or their nation , do ya ?
more than they care about themselves , i mean .
americans ' assessment of congress have hit a new low , with 13 % say they approve of the way congress be handle its job .
the 83 % disapproval rate be also the worst gallup have measure in more than 30 year of track congressional job performance .
ever notice that the more gridlock there be , the more congress ' rating go down .
in other word , congress should stop all the politcal bicker , put their head together and start working thing out in a real bi @-@ partisan format .
it work for reagan and clinton and look at the positive result .
i 'm not the least bit surprise .
i 'm still wait for pelosi to drain the damn swamp .
today on the senate floor durbin say healthcare premium will not go down and that the administration need to quit say that ! !!!
then nancy pelosi in the house say we need to pass the healthcare bill so " we can find out what 's in it....."
the democrat be slowy turn congress into bozo 's bigtop circus ! !!!!
the insurance industry 's own institute say premium would skyrocket .
how could they not ?
if you force them to accept pre @-@ exist condition and accept other insure 's currently not eligible because they cost too much , who be go to pay for that extra risk ?
you can n't legislate risk away . of course premium will rise .
the administration be in campaign mode , willing to say or do anything to get this turd pass .
the joke will be on house dems who be be promise a bill to " fix " the problem with teh senate bill .
anyone who believe that will happen be dream .
obama will hang them out to dry .
1. end the war in iraq
2. develop american energy independence
3. universal healthcare for all americans
work for me......
only if that mean it be over because we win .
and we will have some very strategically locate , large base to counter iranian and russian agression for the next 50 year .
a good thing , but he will have to include thing he oppose , like drill and nuclear power , along with coal power to get there .
only if he adopt hillary 's plan of mandatory universal participation .
which mean everyone , without exception , pay premium .
here be the thing that should be obama 's top priority .
#1 end the war in iraq
#2 bring us universal healthcare
#3 repeal nafta
#4 repeal the patriot act
#5 repeal taft @-@ hartley
#6 bring bush @/@ cheney up on criminal charge for war crime . ( send them to the haig ! !!)
#7 fire john bolton !
#8 strengthen the fisa act
#9 abolish the office of homeland security !
#10 prosecute john ashcroft !
what about when my favorite doctor quit because he be not go to take a pay cut ?
or just let the quality of his practice go down the tube ?
also , who be go to goto school for 15 year to be a doctor , with major student loan and only make a sub @-@ par government salary ?
i 'll tell ya what , if be go to goto school for 15 year , it would be for rocket science or computer engineer or something of that nature so i could easily make an above average salary .
last and most importantly , i never want to see any of my paycheck support some lazy person who do not work because the government pay for them to live their life .
i plan on vote against every single one of these dirtbags that call themselves representative .
our congress , be it the house or senate , be a bunch of non @-@ represent representative .
its as if the british red coat be in charge once again do whatever be best for themselves irregardless of the consitution .
i say kick them all out of office , and then do it again every election for the next several cycle until they get the hint .
we be not happy , we are not gonna take it anymore ! !!!
am i the only one or be some of you feel like this too ?
i 'm not a republican , i 'm not a democrat , i be an american ! !!!!
start respect my country , my consitution , and our national heritage or get fire @/@ vote out .
add your 2 cent people .
i 'll have a senator to vote for along with my representative , and senator voinovich be not run in 2010 so i 'll luckily have more option to vote for .
so far there be 3 candidate in the race that i 'm aware of , and i 'm not impress by any of them .
but hopefully somebody good pop up that i can support .
as far as my representative go , i can n't wait to vote against him .
i do n't vote ' against ' anyone .
i vote ' for ' the best candidate for the job , regardless of political affiliation ( unless , of course , they be un @-@ american , like libtards and neocons ) .
since none of the incumbent in my district will get my vote , i guess you could say i 'm vote ' against ' them , but i 'm still not comfortable with that term .
where would mccain be without sarah ?
a lot of us , include myself , have have fun poke , jab , make fun of palin , her lack of knowledge about the constitution , her appearance on snl , etc....
but at this late date in the race...
where would he , ( mccain ) , be if he do not have her as his run mate
imo.... she be help him more now , because he be hurt himself , more .
palin solidify the republican base for mccain .
she invigorate the far right winger to actually go out and campaign for mccain , instead of apathetically vote for mccain to spite obama .
palin be the real star behind the republican ticket this year .
if it be anyone else , mccain would not have a shot in hell .
palin invigorate obama 's campaign , and she be one of the reason obama raise $ 150 million dollar in september .
when i see her speech at the convention , i immediately sent obama as much money as i could .
presidential candidate : chuck baldwin ( c ) constitution party bob barr ( l ) libertarian mccain ( r ) cynthia mckinney ( g ) green ralph nader ( i ) independent obama ( d )
look like women have a candidate run for president .
why be n't women flock to her ?
what 's wrong with the green party ?
the woman be a nutjob .
she would make ralph nader look like barack obama .
why on earth would women vote for the green party just because they have a female candidate ?
sorry , i would n't have vote for hillary , either .
i would vote for sarah or condy .
the green party be the party for the libtards who be too crazy even for other libtards .
if the government provide health care , whether spell out in this bill or not , it will ration the care .
that be how it work .
the government can not afford to pay for everything for everyone , even if they take all our money .
and in fact the research that back up this health care bill out of the house spell it out clearly .
specifically it identify the elderly and those under the age of 2 as be less important and so they will be the first to suffer from reduce service .
know that the government can not efficiently run anything , i can promise it won't end there .
since all healthcare be ration , the question for me be do i want those decision to rest with corporation whose sole reason for existence be to make a profit --- profit which depend upon insure the healthiest among us , and deny coverage for those whom they may have to pay claim ?
corporation where profit be dependent on not provide the service i pay for ?
that can at any point in time decide to cancel my policy , leave me without any coverage at all and no prospect of obtain coverage on my own ?
that spend 1 @/@ 3 of their revenue in administrative overhead ?
i have not see much cold weather , or snow , here in the northeast .
meterologist say this will be a warm than usual winter this year .
many temperature have be above what be normal for this time of year .
be this winter weather go to be what winter will be like in the future.?
warm temperatures.?
be what global warm be about.?
hey stupid , maine 's get 4 @-@ 8 inch of snow tonight .
when it snow in october it be global warm too
52 nd street all up in the white .
i see mr. biker boy . thank for let me know .
whats the name of that motor cycle gang you belong to ? ?
its warm , therefore global warm
it 's snow , therefore global warm
when will it be too late to do anything about global warm ?
have we already guarantee our doom ?
so you be a warmist too ehh ?
sorry to hear .
the facts.... from about 1980 to 1998 we have a 1 @/@ 3 of a degree warm period .
this start the man make global warm claim .
another inconvenient fact for the man make global warm crowd . since 1998 until today there have be no significant warm .
a further fact . in the early 1900 's scientist predict that over the next 100 year the temperature would go up globally about 1 degree . and that be what it do .
so we have an 18 year trend that see a rise of 1 @/@ 3 of a degree world wide . follow to date by a 14 year period with no appreciable warm . remind me again how we be all doom ?
experience the great platonic year .
precission of the earth equinox refers to the earth 's axis wobble move in an unconventional way .
time period event be a 25765 yrs wobble path .
notice the ice cap weight shift it be due to earth own inertia and the sun moon alignment .
this vid indicate inertia shift in ice not to be due to global warm but due to physic of the earth , sun , moon system .
this inertia of the sun earth moon generate potential physical plate movement on earth , ie earthquake .
very cool stuff .
so be this because of global warm or be it bush 's fault ?
it 's a good thing the polar ice cap be shrink then right ?
this seem to explain the record snow fall in siberia and alaska .
nobody as yet really understand why periodically earth undergo geomagnetic reversal . but the wander magnetic pole seem to have be happen for the last 200 million year .
happen regularly , and seem to have little effect on the biosphere as a whole .
no unusual event in the paleo record seem to be associate with magnetic reversal .
but everyone know that what man make doesnt count huh ?
not , i suspect , as it relate to magnetic pole shift or drift .
you just know that some ignorant fool be go to blame pollution .
this be really eye open .
where be the environmentalist ?
have you see the trash along the road and in the ditch across this county ?
i see chair couch refrigerator and who know what else out here in the countryside .
people have no respect for their neighbors and i be talk about americans here .
if they have no respect for their neighbors or fellow countrymen how can they have respect for themselves ?
its not everybody but a small segment of our society but the question be how small be this segment ?
now that be precisely what i be referring to .
instead of focusing on the filthy habit of illegals violate our border , you go one a mission to deflect .
not today , pal .
stay on point !
whole apartment be shake .
far out and funky !
what the hell ?
two thumb say he feel this too in pa .
nothing here in birmingham though .
do you think earthquake at first ?
felt it here just outside of read , pa !
thought i be have a seizure or something at first , till i see the water in my water bottle sway back and forth .
the book shelf in my computer room be move back and forth .
weird dude .
was go on for like 20 second .
the time of water war be upon us with the privatization of water resource worldwide by multinational conglomerate who be not accountable to , or suppressible by the local population they effect , even here in america .
what say you ?
' flow , ' a documentary on what the privatization of water really mean which be the inspiration for me create this thread .
it bring to light the insane and completely immoral behavior of water corporation ( nestle , coke , pepsi , as well as suez and vivendi , and their involvement with the world bank ) ...
i be never go to buy another coke , pepsi , or nestle product until...
i be die of thirst , which be the situation many in the world find themselves in now .
allow the privatization of public water source be stupid beyond all understand .
water be resource of the commonweal and ought never to be allow to become capture by any private concern .
right now corporation like nestle be buy up the world 's best spring to make bottle water .
allow this to happen be a perfect example of how pervert our government have become .
hey........30 year ago , i be read about all kind of hysterical doomsday theory of the extinction of this natural resource or that natural resource .
you get a few decade down the line and realize there be lot of smart people out there who roll out hysterical theory because they know there be million of sucker out there who 'll buy it in a heartbeat and profit handsomely ftw ! !!
my wife work with the gao a lot and she send this report over to me .
they report on just how difficult it will be to regulate the amount of co2 be release .
http : //www.gao.gov/new.items/d10818.pdf
of course it will be difficult .
the energy company be put many , many ten of million of dollar into prevent anything at all from be done .
but we will probably start do it well after it will make no differance .
our grandchild will curse the blindness and greed of this generation .
i go to youtube and check out the gulf oil crisis : all of the post be one month old , or older...
how many million people post on youtube ?
the first two month there be hundred of private citizen with their video cam report about what be happen in the gulf... show everyone firsthand eyewitness account of the incompetence of bp and the lack of government response .
now there be none : zero : nobody have post one single video on youtube about the gulf oil crisi for one month .
this stink to high heaven .
do n't tell me nobody have post anything on the gulf crisis for one month : there be a media bl ; ackouit go on .
the last time something like this happen that i know of ; be the republican convention in new york for the renomination of bush jr for a second term in office .
would n't that be a youtube blackout , then ?
i mean , rather than a media blackout ?
gulf oil spill - google search = plenty of coverage about the oil spill still on the media .
that 's the point : the oil have not be clean up : its sunk below the surface : just like all the true fact have sunk out of sight .
the dispersant they use , corexit ; have destroy all possibility of clean up the oil because it 's make the oil sunk below the surface .
bp 's use of corexit be a quick way of sweep the problem under the carpet : idiot who do n't see the oil on the surface will assume that there be n't any ecological damage go on .
instead , the ecological damage to the entire area be now a million time worse than it be when the oil be still on the surface .
the oil beneath the surface : million and million of gallon of oil be kill all wildlife , all the fish , all the dolphin , all the crab , all the shrimp , everything .
to people who do n't live there : the horror of this catastrophe make worse by bp cannot be understate enough .
yes you read that correctly....lets just assign a number because we want too !
yeah that 's the ticket !
these clown commit this fraudulent behavior all the fricking time and old fraud , chris , konradv , troll blunder and a whole host of others ignore this .
what be so distort in their fundamental makeup that they can see this desecration of science and ignore it ?
in fact they support and revere it .
bizarre .
yes , they have be extrapolate temp for area where they have no direct measurement . however , as they state , one should use the ncdc measurement for those area , if very accurate measurement be desire .
yet , for all of watt yap , none of this change the fact that the warm continue , and differant agency have better accuracy in some place than others , depending on the method use .
another item concern watt .
he be not a meteorologist .
he be a fraud in that department .
tomorrow , the employment situation report come out and as usual , there will be idiot claim the government do n't count people not receive unemployment benefit , or that the government be n't count people who should be count etc.
so let 's discuss .
question : what exactly do we want to measure and why ?
answer : we want to measure the labor market and how it be change , especially how difficult it be to get a job .
first difficulty be that not everyone can freely participate in the labor market .
there be law and barrier afffecting group of people .
while children can work , there be significant restriction as to field , hour , change job etc.
at approx age 16 the restriction be go , almost all job be open for full or part time work .
so we ignore anyone under 16 .
next group be prisoner . while some " work " it 's not really a labor market system and work or not work be not free choice of entry and exit .
so we ignore prisoner .
next group be those mentally or physically incapable of work .
while many disable and those with psychological condition do work , those who be institutionalize or in long term care ( such as a hospice ) can n't .
so we ignore those in an institution or long term care .
there remain many disable who can n't work but be n't in an institution , but since some can and some can n't work , there 's no bright line , so we include them all .
next : retirees .
many country exclude those over the age of 65 .
for a country with mandatory retirement , or generous government pension , that be sensible as almost all those over 65 do n't need to work and do n't work and include them can distort the picture .
but in the us , there be no mandatory retirement ( except in military/police ) and retirement benefit be not as generous or universal .
so no maximum age limit for us .
last , military . for a while , they be count as employ ( 1984 @-@ 1994 ) but since there 's no free exit and it 's not a market system , include them just raise the number of employ by a fairly constant level , so it 's better to exclude the military .
so we have our population : the adult civilian non @-@ institutional population .
how do we divide that up ?
the key be to be as objective as possible .
since we have to use a survey ( it 's just not possible to do a full count every month ) , any subjectivity will increase our error , so we have to avoid any possible overlap or judgement call .
let 's look at employ .
who be employ ?
some have suggest a minimum number of hour work , but be that a good idea ?
plenty of people voluntarily work few hour , or in a particular week only work a few hour . should we say they do n't really have a job or be n't really work ?
that 's very subjecive . we do n't want to run into case be someone nomrmally work 40 hour a week , but in the particular week of the survey she only work 2 hour and count as unemployed .
so we set a bright line of 1 hour for pay , and also include those as employ people temporarily absent due to brief illness , injury , vacation , strike , bad weather etc.
we can always look at sub group later .
unpaid labor .
some people do n't get pay ( directly ) for work , either charity work or work on a family farm or family business .
let 's not include charity work , because that 's not really part of the labor market .
but family business @/@ farm be a different story...the person be either just help out , ( mean if they do n't already have another job they would n't take one if they be n't work for family and @/@ or no one would have to be hire in their place ) or they be a substantial part of the business prevent them from another job and fill a job slot no one else can take .
so let 's set a bright line of 15 hour a week and anyone work without pay on family business farm 15 hour or more a week be employ .
what about someone hire but not yet work ?
many thing can happen , so we won't call them employ until they 're actually work .
now for the unemployed .
in casual usage , this can mean many different thing , but what we want be a precise , objective definition .
and what we 're look for be available worker who be n't work .
this have an impact on the labor market..supply over demand .
some people do n't want to work...retirees , housewives/husbands , full time student , and some people on drug or alcohol or criminal or lazy .
so let 's not count anyone who do n't want a job .
should we count everyone who say they want a job ?
they could be lie .
they could be unable to take a job if offer ( mean they 're not available labor ) .
so what bright line can we set ?
if someone be actually look for work , send a resume , go to an interview , on the union list , then we can safely assume that they be really available for work .
but if someone be n't do anything about a get a job , then they 're not available , anymore than someone who do n't want to work .
sure they may still consider themselves " unemployed " and they may sincerely want to work , but since they 're not available , since they 're not part of the actual supply of labor and can n't be hire , we exclude them .
so we have our employ , we have our unemployed....this be our labor force , our available supply of people who can work or be hire .
everyone else be not in the labor force .
since the population tend to grow , for an historical comparison , it 's better to look at rates/ratios/percentages to get a clearer picture .
labor force participation rate : the labor force as a percent of the population .
this can be largely affect by non @-@ economic factor as the increase of women into the labor force in the 60 s and 70 s show , but it give a good look at how much of the population be try to work .
employment @-@ population ratio : this tell us the percent of the population that 's actually work .
again , non @-@ economic factor play a role but look at the change can tell us useful thing .
unemployment rate : unemployed as a percent of the labor force .
this tell us how much of available labor...people willing and able and available to work... be not be use .
this be all economic factors...the percent of people try and fail to get a job .
do this give a complete picture of the labor market ?
of course not...it 's not meant to .
it do n't tell us type of job , if people be work as much as they want to , people who do n't believe they would be successful .
but it tell us what we 're look for : the percent of people who we know for sure cannot get a job .
i think that explain the basics .
i 'll be happy to clarify question or discuss any real issue .
the issue be simple , when 150k job be create and you need 250 to maintain...
yet the ue rate go down.2 % then you have a choice...
you can make believe thing be get better or you can understand that thing be get worse and deal with it .
you choose to make believe .
neither side expect the other to be consistant .
i remember the libs make this argument during the reagan year .
of course , the real cuteness be during the carter year during the run up to the 1980 election when the military be add to the employ part of the picture .
presto , 2 million more employed person and the unemployment rate when down by a substantial fraction .
that get quietly reverse after the election .
what be important here be that unemployment be no long the short term thing it have usually be .
we have people look for work who have be look for three year or more .
we have folk just plain resign from the work force and do n't look any more .
people who four year ago have successful career .
even under the regime of 99 week unemployment rather than 26 week , we have large number who have go beyond benefit .
to maintain what ?
and do " it " need to be maintain ?
or you can do actual analysis of the data .
" job " come from the current employment statistic survey ( ces ) while unemployment ( and total employment ) come from the current population survey ( cps ) .
the ces be non @-@ farm payroll employment . it exclude agriculture , the self @-@ employ , unpaid family worker and private employee ( private cook , nanny , maid , etc ) .
so " job " may go up 150k , but total employment go up 300k .
you can n't directly compare 2 measure that measure different thing .
much of the drop in ue have be for the wrong reasons...a decrease labor force .
that be not the case for the january drop .
at best thing have be spotty lately...up and down .
you can n't just look at one number or one measure and say " thing be good " or " thing be bad ."
the best unit of measure be , i think to determine how many americans be work .
instead we get report on the number of people who self report they be n't work but be look for work .
to find out all we have to do be ask bernie sander and remember that obama vote to the left of sander while in the senate .
god help us all if obama ever get to appoint a liberal inflationist fed chairman .
oh , and we might remember that when their god , keynes , be ask about the future consequencs of his ultra easy monetary policy he say , do n't worry about the future , we 'll all be dead .
bernie sander : another very important issue be with unemployment so high , how can we strengthen the fed 's full @-@ employment mandate[ with inflation] and ensure that it conduct monetary policy to achieve maximum employment ? [ through inflation].
in other word the fed have a number of mandate and one of them be to control inflation .
but one of them also be to pursue policy that lead to full employment .
be the fed do that in an adequate way ?
well i would argue that by definition when you have 16 % of people unemployed and underemployed it really be not .
they 'd do exactly what they 've do since 1913 .
lend out " money " that do n't exist , charge interest for it , inflate the hell out of the currency and line their pocket in the process .
then , they 'd bankroll endless stupid foreign war , the socialistic welfare state , massive ponzi scheme , endless bailouts of state , city , corporation and foreign nations....
the same thing a conservative fed would do , and then they 'd call it brilliant and give obama the credit .
an ngdp target can fix the unemployment problem without result in inflation .
that 's a gross misunderstand of the keynes quote .
what he 's say be n't , obviously , that we should n't care about the long run .
what he 's say be that economist be take the easy way out only ever consider the long run .
we need not only theory of the long run , but also theory of the short run .
nobody can " fix the unemployment problem " ....
this be the fatal conceit of socialistic central planner come out of the chute .
" global warm be real - it be man @-@ make and it be an important problem . but it be not the end of the world." - who say it ?
bjrn lomborg - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
i think this issue be only valuable for the purpose of support commoditization of co2. that 's my explanation for why all of the fund scientist point to the gas and build the anthro argument . i dont see how it be credible in light of more dominant cause .
i 'm curious dante...dosen't the temp change by about 40 degree , every year , in the northern and southern hemisphere ? also , with warm temp and more co2 in the atmosphere , would n't the number and variety of plant and tree increase ? what ever happen to the rain forest , nuclear meltdown , ozone layer , global cool , or any of the other iminent catastrophe that will befall us if we do n't do something right now ! !? the only environmental issue important to envronmentalists be whatever one can generate the most money . at least oil company get their cash by provide us with something we need . you enviro @-@ whackos get yours by do absolutely nothing at all , except make life hard for everyone else .
in reality human contribute about 5 % to global worm in term of co2 release into the atmosphere . yes it be true that we be responsible for this number and try to minimize it in whatever way we can , but human be not ultimately the source of global worm . it be arrogant of us to think that we can effect the ecosystem of the world in such a drastic way in only 20 year . science be divide on the issue with scientist in government lab report that global warm be an imminent threat cause by human and only we can save the planet while scientist at university and private organization generally suggest that man be not the ultimate cause and in reality contribute little . the ipcc have publish documentation and recommendation about global warm at regular interval and it be not until one of their more recent publication that they completely overturn their previous data show global warm to be natural in favor of new data that show global warm to be human cause . the problem be that they use the same relative data set and simply change the way it be view to maximize the human contribution . they have also be know to falsify information to suit their purpose and destroy information that prove them incorrect .
so it would appear that politics drive natural history and our relation to the ecosystem...inherent problem there .
consider too rapid climate change event as document by paleoclimatological data from ice core drill out of antarctica and atmospheric analysis of gas freeze in the ice . this heat process occur every 22,000 year like clockwork for the past 150,000 year that our record go back . guess what...it have be just about 22,000 years...fancy that .
remember in the 80 s when the next ice age be around the corner and we be all go to freeze to death ?
very simple . adapt to a rapidly change climate be preferable to change our present habit , no matter how destructive they be to the come generation , or to the rest of the biosphere .
for most people , the present rapid change be already stretch their ability to adapt . they see job that they consider safe niche now go forever , with no demand for skill that take year to develop , and now the scientist be tell them that they have to change even more . that we should cease to use fossil fuel asap , that we need to switch to an energy base that feature nuclear , wind , solar , geothermal , and other non @-@ pollute source , that they do not understand , and have no experiance with .
i see otherwise intelligent people convince themselves of the scientific equivelant of the sun rise in the west simply because they wish to avoid any more change in the life , and the way that they live . which , of course , push the change onto their children , and grandchildren , who will be face a much more serious situation concern the effect of a change climate , a rapidly change climate , than we face today .
well , that be the culture of this nation , and our children will suffer the consequence of our inability to face reality .
how long would we live if we could replace body part with exact match ?
how about replace our whole body and exchange brain with that of a clone ?
someday the micro surgery techiques will be available .
would you participate ?
i would if it be sure fire .
they be patent human gene right now .
perhaps one have an inalienable right to patent one own body and its specific type .
do we own our own uniqueness ?
your thought ?
interest book...last child in the woods...talk about how this generation have accept the merge of man/machine/animals....that there be about 2000 patent life forms...
i be not real sure what that mean but i be sure xox can explain it...
i find the idea of " cloning " sillie...
the so call " clone " be a human from your cells...not a spare part factory for you .
be there not still question concern the aging of cell in the " clone " animal or person...
that dollie 's lamb ( remember the sheep that be cloned ) age fast due to her age at the beginning....
so you would have to clone your infant...
now tell me....you have spare infant identical to the one you give birth too and your not gonna love it....
now that would be a brave new world .
would i be able to order clone of elisha cuthbert and jessica alba that i could keep as sex slave ?
if so , count me in .
go ahead and slap a property tax on them too , i 'm good for it .
31 us troop be kill when the chinook carry them crash .
may they rest in peace and condolence to the family and love one of these brave young men .
365 coalition troop kill this year ? man , that 's a lot .
i do n't realize the casualty be that high this year .
our msm do n't seem very interested in cover the afghan war much . i 'm really not sure why .
that 's bad but this be the unnecessary war bush start .
this be war and people die in war .
over one million iraqi death cause by us occupation
this happen in 2010 .
they be the first and only one , i believe .
they do the same train , make it through .
that be pretty cool .
it 's like the " softest " branch of the military and the tough assignment together .
so these guy can be sit in a bar next to some marine .
marine say , " so what be you ? "
and they say , " we 're in the coast guard ."
and maybe they snicker a little , but they should n't !
what make people assume the coast guard be the softest branch ?
ignorance ?
maybe you never serve in any military branch and have no frame of reference ?
not to diminish the great navy fleet sailor who keep the gigantic ship run with all kind of technical skill , coast guard people be the real sailor who navigate tiny boat in high sea to rescue people , arrest criminal and keep america 's shore safe .
it 's not surprising that they could complete seal train if they want to .
i 've be read through several news site tonight and i just pick up on a great story about a us air force pilot who probably save a lot of us military life in the early going of the iraq war .
now let 's get one thing straight , i initially agree with the reason for go into iraq , but i no long agree with it .
i support obama 's decision to pull our troop out by next year .
i always , 100 % side with our brave men and women who be put themselves in harm 's way .
now today , i come upon this story on tv .
lieutenant colonel victor fehrenbach .
he be promote to lt. colenel in 2006 .
he 's part of the 325 th fighter wing mission that serve off of tyndall air force base fly f @-@ 15c 's and f @-@ 22 raptors .
he 's be in the air force for 18 year .
he be just 2 year short of retirement .
he 's fly mission in iraq , afghanistan , kosovo and have be await re @-@ deployment a new tour of duty .
if you know anything about air force , he 's afelm jt fly trng .
back in 2003 this hero win the air medal for heroism .
back in april , 2003 the army be make the initial advance to capture baghdad int'l airport , victor and his wingmen find an iraqi ambush site of about 12 apcs that be less than a mile from the army advance .
at the time , his wingman be suffer from a major malfunction in his plane that prohibit him from deploy his weapon .
within a timespan of 20 @-@ 30 minute , he and his wingman be finally able to deploy all of their weapon and destroy the 8 apcs that be about to ambush the us army on their mission to take baghdad international airport .
they take out the entire enemy position and that night the army capture baghdad international airport .
why be i post this when there have be several hundred if not thousand of other us soldier , seamen and pilot who have each serve their country heroicly and have also win medal , which some have even die for ?
because this hero be 2 year away from retirement and be be discharge , against his will , from the air force . be this because of bad behavior ? no. he have an excellent record of service and have never have any problem . then why , if this 18 @-@ year veteran who be an excellent pilot of the us air force be discharge against his will , 2 year before he retire ?
because he 's openly gay . he 's command squadron , save other american soldier ' life and serve with honor .
but because he be different than we be , because he be sexually attract to men , his sexuality trump the incredible record of service he 's have over 18 year .
are you tell me that the most professionally train , the meanest , the fiercest military in the world that can destroy any other enemy and accomplish any goal its give , cannot accept men or women who have different seuxality taste than other people ?
this do n't ask , do n't tell law absolutely must be repeal immediately !
men and women who fight to save our country , who be more than willing to die to protect our freedom , must not be discriminate against .
it 's time to end prejudice and time to accept human being for who they be - espeically our heroic men and women in the us military . support our troop !
all of them !
in these troubled time we simply cannot do without this significant portion of potential enlistees , and talented senior member , to uphold an absurd , and bigoted , policy .
most absurdly , we be allow ourselves to fire arabic language specialist , people whose position be critical at this time , due to a trait that have no effect on the performance of their duty .
i know congress have a lot on their plate right now , but they need to move on this soon .
preferably with a solution that would allow soldier lose to this idiotic policy to reenlist if they still wish to .
its not that the military be against gay .
the military be against thing that make it run less efficiently .
allow black to enter the military increase its number and productivity thus the long term goal outweigh the short term unease .
allow openly gay men @/@ women into the service would create long term discomfort and you would see a decrease in troop number as well as military efficiency .
because of the nature of the military and close quarter share especially among men in war simulation , train and actual warfare the distraction of have someone who you know may be attract to you can ultimately cause death because you be distract .
as part of the army ?
they do pretty much the same thing though the army have the much more elite unit and more highly train infantry .
the army , as demonstrate by its successful execution of d @-@ day during wwii , be also capable of make dare amphibious assault , so why not just disolve the marine into the army ?
you be aware that the marine corps be the only service that be protect by congressional act ?
the marine corps must maintain a minimum of 3 division and can not be disband without a congressional act .
this be do in the early 1950 's because of reject like you .
because the navy need bodyguard for the officer corps and a expeditionary force , too .
leave the fuck marine alone .
they 're one of the few organization i still have some respect for in this nation .
to be honest , the army be a great service .
i have serve with several stellar performer from 2id and 3 rdarmored .
got friend in the 101 and 82 nd airborne or airmoble .
the bottom line ( and the hook and sinker ) be that man for man , and dollar for dollar the army cannot match the " kick in the door " specialty that our marine do .
btw i do a force on force with the 10 th mountain in the late 80 's .
they be attempt to go @-@ light and be use our fmfm 's to teach em technique .
and besides , they aint ready to be marine yet .
you just know i have to weigh in on this one !
each service and the marine have their unique role .
there be of course some similarity and overlap between them .
that be what allow the us military great flexibility in operational execution .
fund will always be an issue .
each service think their requirement be more important than the other service 's .
because not everything get fund , we go to war with the military we have and not the military we want .
obviously , there have be interservice rivalry since the first ship went to sea with fight men on board .
the army have brotherhood beef with the marine but we recognize that the marine be a unique unrivaled infantry machine .
the army have the ability to meet any infantry requirement anywhere and be set up for long term mission .
the long term ability of the army mesh 's with the immediate ferocity of the marine .
they be far from the same and if combine would defeat the purpose of their original design .
a funny story ( at least to me ) .
i have two son in the marine corp , both of whome recently complete their mos train and head to their permanent duty station .
one of them go through mos school at fort leonard wood , mo .
he be tell me that the army trainee 's have top salute the marine ( no matter their rank ) ....
that to me show the respect that the army have for the elite us fight force...and a respect that would be lose if they be part of the army .
he also tell me that the air force guy get additional pay for be station on the same base as marine and that the marine be not allow to go round in group of more than 4 , because they be concern about what they could do to anyone .
be afraid...be very afraid....usmc all the way ! !!!
man , how the hell can people do this ? ?
and a mother especially.....where be the motherly love and the mother instinct to protect her children ? ?
blind rage be just that @- blind .
i once find myself hold a steak knife @- ready to plunge it into my chest .
and i do , in my mind .
i be already dead .
but by some other force , i do n't .
i still do n't know why .
it be one of but two miracle that i 've witness in my life .
folk black out so to speak .
they black out to one singular vision that be a reality of past present and future . and for that i hold them ( and once myself ) harmless .
drug . valle have over 20 different kind of drug she be take .
it 's a wonder she could find the bathtub .
neither one will go down in the history book as the best in theirsports............................
both be consider shoe @-@ ins duringtheirprime
i want to say something else too though .
i watch a documentary about tyson once , it be one that focused more on his fight career than his personal life .
my god , as a boxer that young man be simply awesome - and that be not a word that i use very often .
if i remember correctly he win 19 out of his first 20 professional fight by first round knock out , generally consummate by a left @-@ upper @-@ cut struck on the jaw that would lift a 220 @-@ pound man two feet off the mat .
its impossible to compare athlete from different era .
in golf alone the equipment be so much better now than it be even 10 year ago let alone 20 or 30 year ago .
its also impossible to compare the competition level .
i do n't think tyson be ever slate to be the greatest boxer of all time .
regardless of his skill , he never have the competition during his era to be consider the greatest
ali defeat liston , frazier , norton and forman who be all better than anyone tyson ever face
i find out today that the blockbuster video that i go to be closing down .
this be the fourth store in my area to close in the last year , and i 'm actually a bit upset about it , because the few that remain be n't close enough to drive to .
blockbuster already drive the mom and pop videostores out of business , and they be be drive out by movie on line , movie on demand , and movie by mail @- business they be try to get into .
i guess some would call this progress , but i think we be lose something as well .
redbox be a simple version of blockbuster , in that you can still go to a redbox and browse and get a movie right then and there .
i actually prefer the redbox because it do n't have nearly as much selection .
enough but not so much that i stand there for an hour , you know ?
all of the blockbuster around us close down .
you can get some great deal on movie @/@ tv show as they unload their inventory .
they drop the price each week so if you 're look for something in @-@ particular , nows a good time to keep an eye out for it .
also , when ours close down they offer a free movie ( that you be buy anyways , i think whatever the cheapest movie you be purchase ) and a month free of blockbuster online ( it 's like netflix ) .
you can just cancel before the one month timeframe be over .
i take them up on the offer... good deal .
for me , part of the fun of rent movie be go to the store with your chick and pick them out , bullshit with other people in the store , etc.
god forbid we have to leave the house for an hour and move our limb .
what guy hear about a little boy be rape and dosen't call the cop .
the guy that notified his superior , who should have call the cop .
fire them all
i assume he assume after report it up the chain that something would be do .
i do though think the school make the right move last night , just wish joe have be able to go out on a more positive note after what he 's do for nearly fifty year at psu .
wish him a long and happy retirement .
how interesting be this .
some guy be go to tweet wwii in " real time " as it happen way back when .
i imagine you could tweet vintage ww2 headline daily but not much else .
the minutiea of such an undertake be indeciperable .
this quest be noble .
julia gillard have beat her predecessor kevin rudd in a ballot for the federal labor leadership by a margin of 73 vote to 29 .
follow event as they happen on our live blog .
2. rudd have say he would retire if he lose .
now be not the time to be bicker with an election come .
4. i 've be in new zealand the past two weeks...
...where the australian political story have be top news .
the local paper be of the opinion that , whomever win the leadership contest , the labour party be likely to be heavily damage go into next year 's election .
local ows activist be part of this protest .
file this under " holy s***!"
hundred of protester from various group converge on the state capitol in topeka , kansas today .
shortly before the protester arrive , capitol police discover a truck laden with explosive park outside the capitol .
yeah , this sound like bullshit .
one , the protester be not targeted .
that 's an invention of the blog reprint this .
second , i have a really hard time believe that there be any actual " explosive , " since the news story they link to talk about one guy get arrest for threaten governor brownback .
nothing about explosive charge , etcetera , which they 'd be quick on top of if there be any actual explosive .
given the way these story get exaggerate , " several improvise explosive device " could mean anything down to a few bundle of firecracker -- or nothing at all , since false report be n't at all uncommon .
doubly so since they apparently do not even bother to tow the truck , so clearly there be n't a serious threat .
translation out of hype @-@ speak : some kook make threaten noise at brownback and get arrest . the end .
of what am i try to convince you ?
i 'm express my own view here .
what you believe be of concern only in term of debate .
and possibly add to my knowledge if i 'm convince there 's justification .
so far , not .
if that article represent the final word on " substance " to you , that 's fine with me .
i be , and remain skeptical .
i 'm sure they find something .
hard to make any case at all without something tangible .
what it be , who put it there , and why remain , for me , unknown , and also remain decide factor for me .
wingnut @/@ hard for me to grasp . goodness , disagree with you cause personal attack . not hard to believe when consider the weakness of your argument .
this be excellent news , we need a counter balance !
it be reveal in january that rupert murdoch @/@ news corp be create the right wing spanish version of fox news .
1. what make u think these channel will be a counter balance to anything lol nt
2. because when all else fail , i still trust in mickey !
3. disney 's abc network have be rate the second most conservative news coverage .
still , a conservatively biased channel be preferable to a conservative propaganda channel , which be what the fox spanish channel will certainly be .
4. how be univisions coverage ?
i understand that it be a center leave network .
i turn on my coputer this morning and instead of open the internet to my google home page ( white ) it open to a page call " blackle " which be black .
i think , hmm , they do funny thing with the google letter for holiday , so maybe today be blackle wednesday or something .
i " blackled " it and find out they change the page to black to save energy .
do this make sense ?
any teeth to this and if so , do it make enough of a differrence for web developer to switch ?
i just googled google and when i click on the first selection it take me to the white google page , so apparently we still have a choice .
the new search from google have the blackle.com address , not google .
also , when we have a choice for skin , like i think we do ( or do at one time ) here on a2k , then we could all contribute to the energy savings by use the black skin , right ?
so , we could participate that way , too .
( although i find the black page hard to read.)
anyone familiar with the working of energy that could explain the black page use less ?
or , whether or not it be that significant ?
only so long as they have no redeem quality , i imagine .
it be always wrong to kill anybody , whatever they have do .
i hear it cost upwards of one million dollar to execute one prisoner ; that sure buy a whole lot of year in prison .
a concurrent thread have touch on the the role of religion in the us civil right movement , and its place in the us constitution .
be the " equality " issue " religious wish fulfilment " which fly in the face of biological and sociological " fact " ?
i think you be answer if two men be the " same " and not necessarily if they be equal in right or should be .
t k o
i see equality as a goal to strive for , although in effect , it be somewhat arbitrary , dependant on the whim of change time .
while ride the bus earlier this week , i overhear a man say that if he " have the gut to do it , " he would jump off an overpass .
he follow up with an affirmation that he would never do it because he would never find those gut .
we be probably all familiar with the traditional say regard suicide - that it be a " coward 's way out ."
my question be this : be it really ? or be it the opposite ?
that be , do the act of suicide actually require courage to commit ?
personally i believe it require a tremendous amount of courage and perhaps the greatest amount of courage of any possible action .
after all , we be speak of terminate one 's own life , perhaps forever end one 's existence .
we all have our thought on what come next , but no one can be certain .
one may be forever end his existence , or he may be forever subject himself to punishment if the religious view on suicide be a sin be correct .
either way though , one be enter the unknown by willingly terminate his life , which blatantly violate the biological drive to live , to continue exist .
how can this not be an extremely courageous act , much more so that " find the courage to remain alive in the face of unbeatable problem ? "
remain alive to face one 's problem be continue the state of existence that one have always know .
end that life be journey into something new , something that may be better or may be worse than the current state of existence the individual be comfortably familiar with .
either way he be terminate his life and accept the state of death that deep down we all fear .
how can one consider voluntarily enter that state cowardly ?
@elmud , well , i think your reason have merit :
[indent]one be fearful of some thing one overcome their fear to do that thing in so do , one can therefore say to have courage [/indent]
so yes ; strictly speak , i think you 're correct .
although i must admit , it strike me as very unproductive to give praiseworthy word to such an act .
" he have the courage to kill himself "; though correct in this sense , lead to a ' destructive ' conclusion .
as a side note , labeling it as a " cowardly " or " easy " way out - i think - be simply people use derision to express their disapproval .
such disapproval may be certainly warrant - and i disapprove of it generally - but what one must go through ( mentally , emotionally and @/@ or experiencially ) can hardly be call " easy ".
i can also envision a state where , for me , such a solution could be warrant ; not a good one to be sure , but conceivable nonetheless .
to fight with every last stitch of breath for even the most @-@ remote possibility for " thing get better " be what i hold to .
interest twist on the issue . thank for post
@withoutreason , it be a purely courageous act , especially if you prepare for it so that it be least painful for your love one .
i do n't know if it could be argue as a logical choice , per se , especially if you have not yet try let go of all the thing that bring you down ( psychologically speak ) .
but , if you just get your arm and leg blown off by and ied , then by all mean , have at it . ( err...have someone do it for you.)
accord to most analyse , from within and without the petroleum industry , the world supply of oil , relative consumption , will effectively peak in the next decade .
what do this mean ?
if demand exceed supply , someone will neccessarily have to go without .
the issue be who ?
some nation will be price out , most likely the relatively undeveloped country in which automotive transportation be not really essential .
however , when there be not enough oil to satisfy even the industrialized nation , which totally depend on oil not only for transportation , but for farm , various chemical industry , etc. , how will they likely respond ?
obviously , war be a possiblity ; they have be fight for far less in the past .
of course , access to petroleum itelf be not the only issue .
most of the world 's food be grow use modern farm method that require enormous amount of gas .
if the amount of surplus food suddenly decrease as a result of peak oil , the poor around the world will starve , lamentable in itself , cause instability that could lead to conflict over scarce resoures .
china come to mind .
the economy of that nation be be build , with questionable logic by the central planner , on the western model : i.e. dependent on cheap petroleum .
what be unique about china be that the rule party 's legitmacy be intimately assosciated with rapid economic progress .
if this be suddenly to halt or risk collapse , would that rule party push the country into war , either to acquire access to oil or simply as a distraction , as so many authoritarian regime have do in the past ?
there be shift of power occuring in asia , as china and russia exert their influence .
the shangai cooperation organization of which they , along with ian , pakistan and most of the former soviet republic , be memebers , have state that it intend to remove u.s. influence from the region and failitate the rise of a ' multi @-@ polar world .'
i do n't want to guess their specific motive , but it seem to me that such an arrangement could be very advanategous for those nation in the event of a crisis bring on by peak oil .
between russia and iran , they would have access to enormous oil reserve , from which they could , if supply be too short , deny the u.s. saudi arabia come to mind as well .
as anyone who have do even the most superficial research on that nation would know , the house of saud be a joke , a paper tiger and a tyranny hate by most of its people .
if election be hold their , or if there be a struggle for power , the regime that woudl arise would be friendly with iran and extremely antagonistic to the u.s.: quite understandably i might add .
with the largest oil reserve in the world , it be vital that the u.s. maintain contorl over saudi arabia , which mean prop up the house of saud , and it would be equally benificial to iran or to china and its partner in asia to facilitate a revolution there , which would allow them greater access by default .
and so , after all that , which you might justly consider paranoia , my question be basically this ; in light of the threat of peak oil , and of the general decline in american economic might relative the rest of the world ( not to mention the current u.s. crisis ) , what do think the world will look like in a decade or two ?
if american hegemony fail , as appear inevitable , what will be its replacement ?
nice post and important issue .
i really , really hope that alternative source be be as enthusiastically @-@ pursue as the urgency of the situation dictate they should .
but the first , perhaps facetious , response i have to " what would happen "-question be to recall the 80 's movie : mad max , and mad mad : road warrior
i 'll admit though : there 's a part of me that want to see all this fossil @-@ fuel b.s. come tumble down .
even if it set transportation , technology and civilization in general back some , i 'd think a " reboot in a better direction " ( read : away from finite resource , fossil fuel ) be so much the better .
yea , more war over oil resource be likely ; perhaps even inevitable .
there be no question that the come century will see a confluence and will be a critical turn point in human history .
peak oil will be one of the primary driver of this process .
we may very well be call upon to choose between collective life and death .
the potential be there for both .
if we so choose to do so the technology we will have available in the near term future be perfectly capable of salvage the situation .
but if we do n't and we allow our technological civilisation to collapse under its own weight , the next generation of human will have to do without the major step stone of an oil based economy .
there simply will not be enough oil leave .
they may not be able to kickstart their own industrial era .
i think what you be go to see be a shift towards localize economy .
as the oil supply become smaller and population grow there just will not be enough to fee the system .
hopefully , people realize that it be go to take oil to move beyond oil , so the focus should be use what be readily available wisely , before the shift become extremely expensive .
i just read of arthur c clark 's death in sri lanka -- he be primarily know as a science fiction author , but his science fiction presage many of the technology that we now consider plebian .
his prediction of geosychronous satellite in the 40 's be now so utilitarian that this 24 hour equatorial orbit be now know as the clark orbit ,
many other of his ' fiction ' have now become casual technology .
i remember when he do that show " mysterious universe " about enigma and theory about thing like easter island , great pyramid , and stonehenge .
great man , great body of work , a truly enlighten soul who will revisit us again i 'm sure .
see you in the blink of an eye , buddy .
this be sad news .
i enjoy his book and his perspective on thing .
another giant gone .
shame nobody ( except a quoted person ) spell his name right .
i could n't for the life of me figure out where to post this question , so i think i 'd put it here since it 's biologically relevant... somewhat .
do n't ask me why but i need to know what happen if you dye your eyebrow .
say you want to disguise yourself by bleach dark hair blonde and that you want to do the eyebrow as well to complete the disguise .
now the hair on your head will eventually grow and you 'll lose the blonde @-@ ness , but what about the eyebrow ?
i do n't remember ever have them cut or trim , so would they stay blonde ?
eyebrow have a different " terminal length " than head @-@ hair -- that be , they grow to a certain length ( and not longer ) , then fall out .
they 're still go through the growth process , though .
the old one fall out , the new one fall in .
so it 'd have to be re @-@ done at interval , yep .
this excessive concern with little eyebrow be a trifle odd .
i do n't think soz be look to disguise herself .
i think she 's on the vamp .
accord to darwin it be the male who do the vamp .
what 's the scientific explanation of the reversal in human ?
its the same with long @-@ haired dog and short @-@ haired dog .
the short haired dog have hair strand that ( on the average ) fall out or break before the average long @-@ haired dog 's .
eyebrow hair grow much slower than head hair , so if you dye everything together , your head hair will show " root " long before the eyebrow do .
i dye my eyebrow all the time , whether i 'm do a touch up to the root , or my entire head .
so , that 's every 2 week .
i do n't know how fast my eyebrow grow , but after 2 week there 's always a grey one in there somewhere .
i guess they grow as fast as women seem to need to pluck them .
btw , when you 're die them , use a q @-@ tip , and make sure you get it all the way to the root .
i rather suspect that the " there be a god who always be -- and the god create what we see and can infer exist " scenario have more appeal forl you .
am i correct ?
a " theory " be nothing more than an explanation of know facts...when and if the fact change , the theory would be expect to change . therefore , any propose " theory " that be not support by know fact be to be reject . however , support for any one theory do not
automatically lead to a rejection of a second or even a third if those
theory be also support by the fact .
fact , not interpetations , be the basis for evaluation . an open and
curious mind and a regard for truth be still the basis for good science .
media coverage and political support be not .
it 's a common argument that the universe be tune " just so " for life to exist , and that any slight modification mean that " life " would be impossible .
but this premise assume that life as we know it be the only form of life that *can* exist . and i disagree with this assumption .
the life we see around us evolve in this universe as condition allow , so it 's not surprising at all that everything fit nicely . other universe with different rule would necessarily have life in them which fit that universe . and universe which be sterile have no life in them to question the fact that they be not there .
the really interesting thing to realize be that life evolve in universe ( at least this one ) at all . be the evolution of life in a universe pure chance , or be it inevitable ?
in our universe at least , life not only can exist , but do exist . and that mean that our universe be itself , alive , in a very real sense . and we be its thought .
a variant on the multi universe which seem to me obvious , and very real , be the infinite universe .
here the universe that we perceive be simply one cell of infinity , the others be like or unlike " cell " beyond our own , but fill the remainder of " everything " beyond our specific " this " with " otherthings ", identical , or not .
if we look at the magnitudinal stratification of this universe we go from , as we interpret it , and with our current ability to decern at sub nano level , the smallest subatomic particle through atom , molecule , solid , construct , and on , and on , and on , to planet , star system , galaxy , and on to our entire known universe .
would it not be foolish to assume this " mandelbrot " like lattice would stop at the extreem of our meagre ability to observe , rather than continue to follow its serial makeup to unimagined level of structure , and beyond to infinity ( infinity , of course not be a point , but rather a lack of constraint quantifier ) .
multiverse
i be work on a research project on the concept of the multiverse and while i enjoy the incoherent ramble argument on whether there be a god or not im feel kind of empty . the universe be the way it be because if it werent then we wouldnt be able to contemplate on whether therte be a god or not . and try to justify the existence of god through anything deal with relativity be laughable . god be only able to exist through faith . and faith go against everything that science stand for .
a key issue in disscussion of " life " and " universe " be what constitute " structure " or " order ". for example , to take bgw 's ( and capra 's ) fractal model of embed " structure " we be still leave with the regression problem of " who observe @/@ define such structure ".
my own conclusion be that term like " multiverse " have no separate reality with respect to a singular concept whilst the criteria for " reality " concern explanation of what we call " event " in the single universe . i be say that the occurence of " life " be not an " event " in the usual sense because event presuppose " observer " who classify them as such . ( observation in " our mind eye " be cognitive sleight of hand ) note also the term " multi " imply " one who classify or count " and we can ask again who be this other than ourselves ?
in short , the corollary the universe appear like it be because we be like we be be equally valid .
the transcendent question be of course " what constitute explanation " and how can this encompass the interaction of observer and observe ?
rather than take a reductionist view propose infinite , slightly different universe that somehow interact ( alah m @-@ theory ) , allow for strong emergence via the landauer @-@ lloyd analysis of flaw in the of the laplace 's demon argument that support reductionists . basically this state the final outcome of a system may not be soley define by outcome write into the basic law of physic * a gazzillion atom , but there can be " a cosmic imperative " write into the law of nature ( paul davies - macquarie uni - sydney , australia - emergent biological principle and the computational resource of the universe , complexity vol 10( 2 ) , p1 "
so basically ultra complex system can produce wierd outcome ; such as rock , intelligent life or high temperature superconductors all from the same raw material - simply arrange slightly differentally . this might bring down the number of universe require to create life from infinite to merely fairly large !
can we please get these people a voice in washington ?
how long be we suppose to wait to see if this womans brain will ever rewire effectively before we move on ?
we americans have let our victim fetish get so bad that we be pathetic .
if i be in az @-@ 08 , i think this would be a fair question but i 'm not sure of what the mechanism to remove a congresswoman be other than the ballot box .
strom thurmond be not all there but still hold his office with the consent of his constituent .
i think as long as her constituent be ok with it , we do n't get a say .
as butrflynet point out , gabrielle gifford 's office be do quite a lot .
that do n't seem incidental or trivial to me .
gabrielle giffords be vote in because people agree with her policy and approach to politics .
she hand @-@ select this group of people who now make up her office , with the intent of work together to implement her vision .
in that way , she be still the representative , as these people take her state vision and priority and work to make them happen .
if giffords be unable to recover fully before the next election , i think it would make sense that her second @-@ in @-@ command , or whomever have be most instrumental in the work that her office have be do since the injury , go ahead and run in her place .
i think engineer 's point about not encourage removal from office by gunshot be a good one .
the member of the minority party in the house of representative be largely cipher anyway , although only a few of them have the excuse that they suffer from medically certifiable brain damage .
all the democrat in the house could take a year @-@ long vacation and the result would largely be the same , so giffords 's absence from her duty be hardly consequential .
indeed , the country would benefit if more congressmen could be induce to take extended break from their duty .
it might be a good idea to keep track of this woman . some basics from her wiki biography might be helpful .
the congresswoman , who be about to turn 55 , be born in iowa . when her parent divorce , she move to minnesota with her mother . she work in a kibbutz after high school , attend winona state university , the now defunct law school at oral roberts university and the william and mary law school where she take a master 's degree in tax law .
she have be marry for 30 year . " bachmann and her husband own a christian counseling clinic in stillwater , minnesota .
bachmann also have an ownership stake in waumandee , wisconsin farm land . since the death of her father @-@ in @-@ law , the farm and its building have be rent out to a neighboring farmer who maintain a dairy herd on the farm . from 1995 through 2006 , the tenant @-@ farmer receive $ 251,973 in federal subsidy , chiefly for dairy and corn price support ."
initially a democrat , she become disillusion with jimmy carter . in 1976 , the christian documentary by francis schaeffer , " how should we then live ? " impel her to take up an anti @-@ abortion stance and she and her fiance begin pray outside abortion facility .
" in 1993 , bachmann and other parent start a k @-@ 12 charter school in stillwater , and she begin speak against a state @-@ mandate set of educational standard , which propel her into the world of politics .
bachmann become an outspoken critic and opponent of minnesota 's school @-@ to @-@ work policy . in a 1999 column , she write : " school @-@ to @-@ work alter the basic mission and purpose of k @-@ 12 academic education away from traditional broad @-@ based academic study gear toward maximize intellectual achievement of the individual . instead , school @-@ to @-@ work utilize the school day to promote children 's acquisition of workplace skill , view children as trainee for increase economic productivity."*
* my reaction : what a surprise .
i love michele bachmann !
with any luck , she will be the republican nominee for the 2012 presidential race .
a dream opponent for the dems , really .
now , if her run mate be to be someone name turner , the dems could be in trouble , like , a bachmann @-@ turner ticket would blow them off the road once the campaign get into overdrive .
doubt if she 'd adopt an anti @-@ vocational ed stance , though .
all i know , be the more i see her on television , the better .
youtube : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=iaadvod2srq
@33export ,
i 'm not certain that everyone will " get " the reference to bachmann @-@ turner . the canadians , however , will .
@plainoldme ,
it make me laugh ( and i be american ) .
thats only because you aint see nothing yet .
@maxdancona ,
my comment be simply a reply to the backhanded reference to bto .
imho , michele bachmann be not as sharp as a bowl ball and have no business even think about run for president .
i love watch michele bachmann . she be funnier than any sitcom on television . bad thing be she make mitt ronmey look very solid . i mean , compare to palin and bachmann , romney sound like einstein lol .
@jcboy ,
i believe that bachmann have a real chance of beat romney for the nomination . i think it will come down to the two of them , and romney 's negative , from be a mormon to have take so many position in the past that annoy conservative .
a " selection of recent article on the republican presidential wannabe and tea party darling ", from the new statesman here
@walter hinteler ,
as amusing as a bachmann candidacy would be , itll never happen . there be some intelligent people in the rnc who realize that this would be tantamount to hand over the presidential race to obama without fire a shot . the rnc be scare that the public may love her like they do sarah.with the gop try to find its " center of mass " they be p[arading out these clown that can only cause them big trouble in november 2012
it 's that time again .
politician run for mid @-@ term election be attack their opponent and in do so , stretch truth where ever they may be find .
i want to get a list of fact check websites go .
it 'd be interesting to see if different site come up with the same facts....
i figure someone should just start a website call they all lie dot com and just post pics of all the candidate , that would certainly make it easier
i 'm kind of cynical that fact even matter anymore .
we 've leave the information age , we be well into the opinion age .
that idiotic gop " pledge to america " be rip to shred by factcheck.org , but it won't matter because those who believe it ( or at least believe in the idea of it ) won't ever dare venture near a fact check source .
i think we need a new web service that fact check , but also track who come and read the fact .
you must have be read the pledge to america , in which the gop promise to return the country to fail bush policy of borrow and spend and the elimination of oversight and regulation .
it be his policy that bring us a net job loss over ten year ( first in history ) , bank that become , in essence , hedge fund , sleazy sub @-@ prime mortgage loan , torture , corruption , etc.
moreover , privatizing social security and medicare be a prescription for disaster .
( check with the brits who go through this relative to their version of social security.)
while the hostility between internal faction of the clerical regime and their feud over the sham election be escalate , the people of tehran , particularly young people , demonstrate in their thousand in different part of the city include fatemi street , vali @-@ asr street and square , vanak square , shariati street , takht @-@ e @-@ tavoos street and sa'adatabad against the illegitimate and fraudulent election .
whereas i take every single word utter by israel with a grain of salt the size of jupiter , even i can smell the stink from that election .
dear fellow american , this 4 th of july , while you and your family celebrate the 230 th anniversary of the found of our great nation , there 's one party you won't be invite to...
...and that 's the party that kofi annan be throw at unite nation headquarters in new york -- use your tax dollar -- for nearly fifty dictatorship , six terrorist state , government that endorse execution based on religious faith , and a multitude of other nation from around the globe .
you see , this party be n't to honor your freedom -- but to conspire to take them away .
over our july 4 th holiday , on american soil , they be prepare to enact a legally @-@ bind treaty that would give the u.n. unchallengeable power to ban civilian ownership of all firearm .
that mean your rifle , your shotgun and your handgun . and your freedom !
to learn what you can do to stop the u.n .' s global gun ban treaty @-@ before it destroy our second amendment right to keep and bear arm visit www.stopungunban.org .
just as a handful of patriot fire the " shot hear ' round the world " at concord bridge , it 's up to you and me and every patriot who cherish our bill of right to tell the world today that our nation will not be bully by the u.n.
thank you for act today .
throw ' em out , and drop out .
this organization have be finance with u.s. tax dollar since its inception , and all it do it fee off of the money and try to kill the host . f--- ' em .
odd , such an extensive website about the threat of this global gun ban treaty , a dozen webpages at least -- and it doesnt actually seem to have a single link to the actual text of say propose ban .
do n't those nra member want to check out for themselves what the text actually say ?
do n't you think it 's odd ?
do n't you want to know what that ban treaty actually say ?
the treaty can be find here..
it seem that lapierre be in support of criminal based on the what this treaty do .
try read the un treaty when you sober up cj..
you might find it be n't even close to what you desperately want to think it be .
what make you think the nra let little fact like that get in the way of stir up fear ?
like the un be go to actually demand that we close our firearm factory , and they be just go to lock the door because of this treaty .
lethal injection electric chair gas chamber hang fire sqaud
who care , would you rather have your hard earn tax dollar spend by keep them behind bar .
i would n't .
lethal injection follow by hang .
fire squad be probably pretty quick , but i do n't know that it 's use much .
the electric chair and gas chamber be nothing short of barbaric .
on the ballet i fill out yesterday , there be a constitution party run for president .
i try to look up their website , but it be block at work .
so this even peak my curiousity even more ( as the other candidate websites be not block ) .
anyone have a clue ?
here be their mission statement .
interest - i have n't hear of them before and be curious .
what could have be so offensive that the website be block ?
obama 's view that affirmative action should , after these many year , continue may lead to his defeat in november .
and this may be the correct result .
affirmative action equate to discrimination against nonbeneficiaries , usually while male . obama say he be against quota , but so @-@ call goal be invariable set up .
moreover , the goal be a euphemism for quota .
obama should assidiously avoid the aa term and instead embrace programs the benefit the economically disadvantaged , regardless of race , gender , or ethnic origin .
depends on how it 's frame .
by far , the largest group benefit from affirmative action is.... wait for it..... white women .
affirmative action have be essential in allow women to break into some high pay , male dominate field .
many of these field be clearly still male dominate in the management area .
all obama have to do it make the point , repeatedly , that mccain 's position be anti @-@ women and he be for increase the role women play in the workplace and he 's get a winner .
what be tell be that even when talk about obama 's " defeat " the other guy never get mention .
if this prediction be true i would think one would consider it what 's his name 's " victory " rather than obama 's defeat .
they can n't both lose...
the funny thing be that more americans support affirmative action than oppose it ( this gallup poll show 49 @-@ 43 in favor of aa for racial minority ) .
the conservative do n't understand that turn the majority of americans into " liberal " be not a good electoral strategy ( as they see in the 2006 election and will see again in november ) .
i 'm always surprise to see affirmative action discuss in term of liberal/conservative .
my brother , who be a general in the us army , self identify as conservative but be a big believer in affirmative action .
i self identify as a moderate liberal and definately identify as a woman am not nearly the supporter he be .
so i 'm just go to read along to see if the why of this be a liberal v . conservative issue become any clearer......
quota be racist .
there be no get around it .
they be a mean of make a choice based on race .
why do it surprise anyone that obama would support quota ?
obama be n't against all racism , just some of it .
are those who question 9 @/@ 11 anti @-@ semites ?
anti @-@ semitism be one of the most frequent allegation levy by defender of the government 's version of 9 @/@ 11 against people question that account .
be it true ?
are 9 @/@ 11 activist really anti @-@ semites ?
not anti @-@ semites .
just anti @-@ logical
so out of the 70 million american voter who say we need new 911 investigation there be no jews ?
not likely .
this post be based on the incorrect statement that :
" anti @-@ semitism be one of the most frequent allegation levy by defender of the government 's version of 9 @/@ 11 against people question that account ."
no. anti @-@ semitism be not the most frequent accusation against those that question the government explanation of 9 @/@ 11 .
only when obvious anti @-@ semites try to say " the jews do it , " might that allegation make .
and , that i think be a version of 9 @/@ 11 that be accept in many muslim country as the most popular notion .
unfortunately , anti @-@ zionism and anti @-@ semitism have be meld in the popular culture by many people .
so , anti @-@ zionists often become anti @-@ semites , rather than do the intellectual effort to parse the two concept .
i see clinton on a show this weekend .
when ask why no economist support her tax holiday plan , she say they be elitist who do n't understand the pain the common man be in .
just to review , clinton and mccain have propose eliminate the federal gas tax of $ 0.18/gallon during the summer drive season .
mccain say he will pay for it with spend reduction , clinton with tax on oil company .
obama ( and all economist ) say this be a bad idea and result in insignificant savings .
there be no support for this in congress and the president have denounce it .
if the tax be repeal , several commentator feel the refiner will take some for themselves since they have also be hurt by rise price .
what burn me be the " elitist " comment apply to economist .
we tell our children to work hard , get a good education and become expert in their field , but if they disagree with a politician , they become latte drink elitist out of touch with the hard work common man .
be n't this just what bush have do to the scientific community in miniture ?
be n't advice from expert require to run a country like the us ?
i 'm sure there be some economist of priviledge out there as well as some who propose solution based on theory without regard to the impact of their idea , but clinton do n't have any economist who support her proposal , so what 's the deal ?
( i do n't know about mccain 's belief since clinton have be do the heavy lift so far.)
interest i think , be the poll release this morning on msnbc detail that 45 % think the gas tax holiday be a good thing while 49 % think it 's bad .
whatever , i think it 's just plain sleazy .
engineer engineer , i repeat my response on another of your topic .
i agree with you and dyslexia .
hillary clinton 's desperation " gas vacation " proposal be about the last straw with me .
she have really demean herself as far as i 'm concern .
it 's not only her pander , it 's that the proposal be so stupid .
the oil company would end up with the money by raise their price and the public would get nothing .
hillary clinton for senate majority leader be now my choice for her . bbb
clinton and mccain be try to win vote with nickle and dime stuff ;
our economy be strain so badly , it need more than $ 600 tax rebate or one @-@ time summer relief from tax ;
it 's call a ) save home of million of family , b ) our economy , and c ) the war in iraq and afghanistan .
some dunderhead will fall for these gimmick , and vote for them in november .
i have go thru countless election and many thing be say in the heat of the campaign .
hillary once elect might go not thru with it .
that be not to say she lie but that wiser head may counsel her to pass it up .
where be dick cheney ?
why have he desert ?
his absence have be explain many time in many different way , but he have virtually disappear from the scene .
this would n't be so important , but he still be the vice president , be n't he ?
thing be look very muddled right now .
rumsfeld , who be enjoy a limelight , be now be ask to keep a low profile , since his abrasive personality have alienate so many .
poor bush , no matter how many time they parade him , still be n't impressive .
and powell be begin to look like a desperate man in search of some dignity .
a lot of public appearance be leave to ari fleischer , which be his job , but he do n't exactly have such an ingratiate personality either .
which do n't leave us very much in the way of impressive @-@ look leadership .
so where be cheney ?
he 's in the underground command center....
he 'll resurface soon...
maybe he be in a cryogenic chamber right next to ted williams .
in other word they be keep him on ice .
moonlight for haliburton
weird , be n't it .
i 've be wonder where he wander off to .
he 's be ' off the radar ' for a long time .
but he tell us all at the outset that this be the way it would be .
he be spend time in the bowel of hell with his real boss , plot and plan .
yes and get rich by the day .
maybe a low profile because his name be now show up in arabic and european paper regard that very same halliburton bit ?
as reagan would say here we go again .
k @-@ mart be close 326 store and lay off approximately 35,000 people .
it be almost a daily ritual with the announcement of massive layoff .
president bush on the other hand continue to claim the economy be strong , not as strong as it could be but strong nonetheless .
he have however present a package which he contend will stimulate the economy and create job .
over half of the package $ 367 billion will come by remove the tax on dividend .
what do you think of the package will it stimulate the economy ?
in addition if the economy remain sluggish what be bush 's chance for re @-@ election ?
yeah , it 'll stimulate the top ten percent of the wealthy in this country , but will do nothing for our economy .
money must be put into the hand of the middle class and the poor for our economy to be stimulate .
the best way to accomplish that be to cut everybody 's tax by ten percent effective january 1 , 2003 .
that 'll pump about a half trillion dollar into our economy . c.i .
well , i think it would be nice to see that title somewhere...since i can n't find it in reality....
it be wild to me how such an effective , strong , woman -- the closest advisor to the most powerful person in the world -- have garner no more support , no accolade from women and black -- two group who be always try to find successful sister or positive story of black achievement .
i have notice a distinct discrimination among women and black in whom they will ballyhoo , and whom they won't .
if any other woman in this country have soar to the height condi have reach , it would be mardi gras 24 @/@ 7...
clarence thomas be unwelcomed among his own race .
the second black person to serve on the scotus .
even if he have a disfigure pigment problem and a third leg , if he be the slightest bit liberal -- he 'd have statue and street name after him already .
i hear a georgia mayor on npr today , and be hearten .
he be explain to the ( of course , liberal ) quizzical reporter how he could be a republican .
it be as if he have to apologize to the entire black community...
i be proud that he tell the reporter he feel racially stereotype to be expect to be a democrat .
he should n't be expect to be anything .
it be to the great , abide shame of women and black to turn their back on the great achievement of these people .
it be the new racism ; by black against black .
the new feminist sexism . appal .
some liberal do n't much cotton to " uppity " black like powell , thomas and rice confront racial discrimination and outright racism and leave the plantation of dependency on white liberal and achieve the great thing they be capable of .
gotta ' keep ' em in their place , you know .
what do women or black have to do with it .
clinton have a women secretary of state , and rice do not represent black , so what be your beef ?
what amuse me about rice be that she live in the south during the civil right movement , and that experience seem to have leave her untouched .
yet bush mention that background as though she actually do anything beyond strive toward her own growth .
more power to her for her achievement .
but do n't be surprise if you 're not hear wild applause from her community , because i 'm not sure she have one...
assume she establish a credible name for herself as secretary of state , i be cautiously anticipate the gop nominee in 2008 to be condoleeza rice .
and yes , i think she can be elect easily assume that the gop be allow something close to a level play field .
i think colin powell against gore or kerry in the last two election would have win by a landslide .
americans , especially republican americans , have largely leave issue of racism and @/@ or stereotypical prejudice and bigotry well behind them .
any qualify person with charisma and a track record can compete with clout .
i keep hear that inflation be under control .
and i suppose it be if one do not need to put food on the table , buy gasoline , heat oil , electricity and many of the necessity of life .
from your prospective do you find inflation to be a non @-@ factor ?
did n't seem to have much effect on the last couple of yacht i buy .
now , i hear that high end house ( 1 1 @/@ 2 million +) be also hold the line in some area .
this whole economy seem to be based on the comfort level of the one referred to by dubya as his base .
lock up all scumbags .
lock 'm up .
make 'm work .
break up the gang .
if you get catch with meth , get to jail...
there be no unfortunate case .
you have dope its illegal , you know it be illegal before you have the dope .
and to whomever spoke of the innocence in prison , quit talk like that be the norm .
99.9 %of inmate deserve to be there .
i will take those odds in vegas any day .
please pick bloomberg to be your vicepresident .
please read this if you do n't instantly see why... http : //www.time.com/time/nation/article/0,8599,1632736,00.html
he would ensure that moderate , libertarian , and technocrat sick of politics as usual would vote for you .
he be easily among the most competent politician we have .
he research and practice evidence based politics and thus virtually every policy he seek no matter how unpopular proved a success .
and he like you know how to balance budget without hurt the economy .
he can also pay for the election campaign .
i highly doubt that bloomberg be go to switch party .
he 's already an independent ( switch from republican ) .
but , offset hillary 's " northeastern elite " and " inexperienced " negative with bloomberg 's " northeastern elite " and " inexperienced " negative ? not so much .
personally i look upon this conflict as the source of 90 % of western @-@ muslim 's confrontation ,
the us need and so support israel , israel want to stop attack on its citizen and so strike on palestinian target , which in turn result in more attack on israel , this increase the number of radical muslims too , which result in attack against america around the world( military target , embassy , and citizen ) result in american foriegn policy like the war on iraq and @/@ or afghanistan , and the circle continue , reaction to action result in reaction , this circle have no begin and no end
be not easy to solve , but if we try to and start by the issue at core( palestinian @-@ israeli conflict ) the rest can be handle ,
i want to start a thread here , that simulate peace negotiation between two side , palestinians ( me and who ever volunteer ) against israeli side ( i suppose volunteer wouldnot mind represent them and any one he choose )
each side be allow one post per day , then after every two post its discuss freely by all for two day , then each side make a post , as the palestinian side be the one with most demand let let them start( if its ok by all ) ,
i need ur ok guy and girl .
very true , the same people who say saddam violate un resolution , seem to forget , israel have be in violation of un resolution for decade .
give up hell , tell them to come get it ?
that go for isreal too , if egypt or syria be anything worthwhile , isreal would n't of get what they do .
to the victor go the spoil .
glad i 've never back the un .
israel be western , civilize , the progenitor of the first christian community , and face total annihilation every day of its life , thank to be surround by psycopathic state .
therefore.......we must back it . :headbang :
so you think if isreal stop retaliate , the attack would stop ?
no chance of that , they would chip at them untill they be extinct .
max blumenthal go to the young republican convention in dc , and ask why none of them - who strongly support the wot and the war in iraq - have bother to sign up and serve in the arm force .
unsurprisingly , there be plenty of excuse band about .
republican get mad when the ' chickenhawk ' argument be bring up , and this be because it be damn effective .
they usually attempt to counter with some version of this line :
it be n't stupid , though .
there be a perceivable and significant differnce between those who discuss war , who think it be sometimes necessary , and who be willing to do what must be do for us safety ; and the war cheerleader .
the actively aggressive advocate of warfare as a solution to life 's problem .
those be the chickenhawks : the one who continually advocate the solve of our national foreign policy problem use arm force .
the one who suggest that the us be so strong , we can go it alone if we have to and we should n't be hold back from attack other country by little thing like , say , international convention .
they advocate use maximum force to win ; their problem with the war in iraq be that we be n't kill enough people over there , innocent include .
these people , who cheer on the death of others , who think that force be the best way to get what we want - but do n't sign up to serve themselves - be chickenhawks .
they be too cowardly to put their ass on the line , but continually advocate that others do so .
this topic be right on the money .
these leech and vulture be the one get rich off of the nation 's blood .
they stand safely back , say , " let 's you and them fight .
me ? i 'll cheer you on , while me and my friend get rich off your effort ."
there be a time when i strongly support the invasion of iraq , and it have nothing to do with present the good people of iraq with a democratic form of government .
oh , i also spend 5 year in the us army , from a time when most of us have hear of indochina , through the period when just everybody could name each country in the region .
so , i 'm an oddball . s'okay .
yes , i would imagiane that patrick daniel tillman most likely did n't need the $ when he enlist but it be curious why bush render the investigation of his death as a secret of national security .
the chinese be go to stab us in the back . if we do n't turn away from iraq and afghanistan to rebuild @/@ recover our strength . where they 're financially and militarily , bleed us to death .
fine , threaten to sell aegis equip ship to taiwan if they do so .
if china be to do that , they would be cut their own throat .
the last thing that china want be a weak dollar because that would completely wipe out any chance of a trade surplus from their number one trade partner... the u.s.
a weak dollar mean lot and lot of close down factory in china because the americans can n't afford their widgets and doohickies .
they will threaten , they will try to influence , but they won't ' drop the bomb ' unless they have a guarantee of some other country willing to buy several hundred billion dollar worth of junk a year .
what do you think the consequence would be ?
do you think the shrub could pull it off ?
if not , why ?
his approval rate cannot sink , so , what 's the risk .
after all , he 's the decider , and congress hold his trousers while he skinny dip .
do america want us to lose this war and cut and run as reid and pelosi have impose upon our president ?
do america want us to have to fight our way back in in six month or a year with a death toll in multiple of thousand over a radically less period of time ?
also if we pull out of iraq and go into darfur what will be the justification for join that war , wmd ?
reid and pelosi tell the government not to fight america 's war be like congress and the senate tell the government not to fight racism and the kkk a few decade back .
these cowardly democrat be bargain that americans will be stupid and not realize the deep war that will have to be re @-@ fought in only a few short year .
iran and russia will be the next war along with chavez if we do not create a successful democracy in iraq .
the power vacuum will in iraq pull iran and russia and possibly the whole middle east and maybe even china into an allied front against america .
this my friend be armageddon .
reid and pelosi have be tell this i be sure but they simply do n't care .
win election trump all other concerns...
do we really want these people set public policy ?
why not leave and let the iraqis fight the war ?
answer : if the most powerful army be already struggle in this war what will it be like when we pull out and come back in six month to a year ?
reid and pelosi stop try to shove your partisan politics at our president over the general " sound " military policy .
listen to your bribe bibber murtha instead of our generals...
seven friggin ' year of this crap be enough ! !!
if we pull out now the disaster will be on your head just in time for election...
the blood of freedom be at stake and the very people who claim to value it be now our own worst enemy .
the new democratic kkk sell our freedom and dignity simply for power .
do america look to genius such as yourself for analysis ?
. now i know you be just kid , that attitude be just whacky otherwise .
there be ton of example in history of ill advise " proactive " war , and most of these be eventually lose by the aggressor
also , rex , try to be civilize and dont resort to childish name call .
its usually a sign of an inability to craft an argument solely based upon the issue at hand .
just because you feel passionately about this doesnt automatically mean that others will embrace your opinion .
oh yeh , and , if you call me a coward again , ill come up there to jonesport , hunt you down , and buy you a drink first .
i 'm think farmerman mean what he say .
the day it become truly cowardly of one to suggest an end to mindless mayhem be the day i want to float off this planet .
edgar , you know its a cynical attempt at " spin " by the rapidly sink ss bush .
his " handler " be try to cover ytracks and leave a legacy that be goona leve his presidency up there with harding or buchanan .
( oy , theres a comparison , buchanan , i believe start the first of the ' proactive war " against the mormons ) ,
people like you have do more to screw this country up than " the democrat " could ever have hope to do .
you repeatedly vote for and support a president and an administration who be clearly and obviously incompetent and ideologically extreme .
this be evident from campaign through the early year of governance .
you think that america mean red , white , and blue and war and think nothing of shred the constitution on the way to more blood and glory .
and you dare to presume that you be somehow the " real americans " and the rest of us , those of us who actually know what the constitution say and know what this ignoramus be try to do to it , be somehow go to destroy " your " country .
you wave your flag and trust an ignorant incompetent who can n't even run this country to somehow rebuild another , one that he do n't even begin to understand and have never be to .
you trust an idiot .
you think the answer to incompetence and mismanagement be faith .
you and your brethren , the bush die @-@ hards , have send this country in a death spiral .
and sadly , the only people we can have any hope of pull us out be the " other party ".
a party that already be wane in respect due to corruption and its willingness to take some fundamental social justice concept too far be now support by a majority of the public , and the beloved party of small government and individual liberty be now a hulking rusty heap of corruption , scandal , incompetence , special interest , big government , and domestic spy .
maybe i be , and maybe i 'm say that you 're an idiot .
hard to say exactly . :wink :
you mean scut farkas and his sidekick " toady " be grover dill , who be actually beat up by delbert bumpus .
i need to set these thing correct so that the record will be clear testimonyat rex 's sanity hear .
i be a conservative , and you be an idiot .
you said..
most christions i know will not bow to another god , no matter who that god be .
thats why so many christians be kill by the ancient romans , they refuse to bow down .
also , to use an old cliche..." i would rather die on my feet then live on my knee "
i be read in the paper today about all the law under consideration that would make it harder for americans to vote when i suddenly flash on all the purple finger iraqi voter that be so celebrate in our press only a few short year ago .
i think i must be miss something because i 'm really confuse by this .
why would any state do anything that would make it harder for it 's citizen to vote ?
please can someone explain this to me ?
that 's pretty easy .
conseratives figure ( and probably with justification ) that their voter base will get out and vote without regard for any minor hurdle which might be throw in their way .
they rely on older citizen and more affluent citizen .
anything which make vote more difficult they figure will reduce the number of voter go to the poll to vote for democrat .
i do n't have a problem with the first two - provide that they make available photo ids at no cost to people with limited income and allow clear instruction and make it easy to obtain ( in other word - there be many location to obtain and enough hour that be vary enough to get these ids ) .
i support have ids to limit voter fraud , but you cannot make it difficult and it should be economically feasible for all to get an id .
i mean if you make the extra effort to go out and vote - it should n't be much more a burden to get an id .
the democrat must return to their progressive program , and must spend the resource necessary to remind the people that the gop , the right wing , the tea party be just plain wrong on the issue .
hopefully the massachusetts loss have make obama go back on the progressive track .
what be interesting about the 2 party system be the people never actually vote for a party .
they always vote against the other one .
the net result be the people be misrepresent 100 % of the time - but amazingly they be so dumb they can n't figure it out .
we ask you : to save money , should local government use nonviolent inmate for physical labor ?
that be the question in the other day 's opinion section of my my local newspaper .
yes : 92.6 % no : 7.4 %
so my qestion be this , should gov't turn to slave to save money ?
@david cv , depending on country it be already do .
hard labour , chaingangs , prison farm voluntary work while incarcerate get minimal pay etc
the option as voluntary will at least not require quota and enforcement through violent means( beating ) or witholding of priveledges like food , bedding( yes bed ) or outdoor sunlight and isolation.( legislativ brutality encouragement )
the question be what kind of work be beneficial in a crime and punishment relate way .
some experiements be already implement in disaster relief bushfires/floods , comunity work as replacement for incarceration.( anti social behaviour treatment )
it really depends on the moral standard of the nation in question .
force labour in europe compare to africa or america be implement differently
have'nt goverments @/@ corporation turn their populus trough a monetary reward @/@ tax system into work slave anyway ?
what 's your thought on this ?
i mean , the guy be 88 year old .
be it really necessary after all these year ?
he 's be here since 1955 and never do a thing to any one .
be a nazi be what be expect of germans back then .
you and i , have we live there during that time , would probably have be in the same boat .
the head of the osi be name rosenbaum , what do you expect ?
while i disagree with you that we 'd all be nazis , it be over 60 year ago , and the man have obviously reform .
expel him be a political move to strengthen the zionist stance through a reminder of the holocaust , and serve as a talk point for the anti @-@ ahmadinejad crowd .
so i be discuss that new tv show on abc , commander in chief , with my grandfather .
he make a comment that be interest , he say , " that show be just the liberal media try to get us use to the idea of a woman president for when hillary run ."
now , my grandfather be one of those old , cynical guy that think that every sport game that do n't go his way be fix , and be a tad racest , however , i find the statement intrigueing and make me wonder .
what be your guy ' opinion ?
i 've definitely hear that argument before , and i refuse to watch the dang show .
ok so i live in mi and maryjane be just legalize in our state .
well all know why a state would legalize it , but do you really think that it can help somebody ? if so why ?
think of any other drug that you feel may help someone .
think of this . when i be do crystal , i be in school .
i never miss a day of school .
when i go to my class tweak , i pay more attention to what be go on in class .
i go home do all of my homework .
i remember lookin at one of my report card before i start use and my grade be either all d 's or d 's and f 's .
then i look at a report card that i get that have all a 's on it .
i be soo high on crystal that semester that i do not even remember most what happen at school or at home .
so i ask do you think drug can be good for some people ?
i know that no matter what no drug be good for anyone .
this do n't mean that i would go back and change thing if i could , because i really do not want to .
i be just wonder how other people feel about this .
@secondchance , i think that drug can have positive but i think that they 'll rarely come without negative and whether or not it 's a net positive be hard for anyone to tell , most of all the user .
@secondchance , it be possible to self medicate to a positive outcome . responsible use be require .
for instance a couple of generation of artist have widely use drug , convince that the change in consciousness be of great help to their work .
we modern have no doubt but that it be a good idea to drug people up on ritalin and anti anxiety drug and antidepressants , this highly drug society have no basis to complain about wee and coke .
meth though mess people up big time , so i do n't see a lot of upside to that .
yes , and i 'm one of them .
my life would be impoverish without my daily glass of wine .
i quite enjoy the few joint i have try .
and sometime , when i 'm in a better general mood than i be right now , i 'd like to try lsd or one of its relative , maybe magic mushroom .
to me , consume drug be a matter of moderation , not abstinence .
my wife have constant ring in her ear : noise , a " whooshing " as she describe .
any idea ? thank
@robc , that 's tinnitus .
she should see an otorhinolaryngologist ( ear specialist ; ear , nose and throat specialist ) as , if this be recent , there may be thing they can do .
i just watch the most fascinate , inspire , and yet heartbreaking documentary : the half ton man .
obesity be reach epidemic proportion in the world today .
be there a fat gene ?
science seem to think there be .
many people feel hungry every minute they be awake and fight the fact they know they be literally kill themselves with every bite they take .
one man in the documentary lost 706 pound !
yet , when he reach 198 pound he celebrate by have a hot dog , which turn into two , three , etc.
he now be morbidly obese again and be n't ready to go back into rehab at a center that have great success in help these people .
when i be younger i could eat virtually anything and not gain weight .
i 'm almost 52 and it 's not quite that easy for me to keep my weight to what be comfortable for me .
i be able to do it , but watch this video scare me . one woman in the video be actually eight feet wide when she get help .
i have see show on tv where two year old children weigh nearly 200 pound all because their parent want to appease the child and stop their fuss .
do anyone out there have a big problem with their weight ?
how do you combat it ?
be food an addiction ?
be over @-@ eat a disease like drug addiction or alcoholism ?
now , that 's a link ! lol
i think the problem and cure be psychological . they should spend more time on the psycology of it couple with the surgery .
oh , now there get into that part .
i watch that documentary on patrick deuel a while back....too bad he 's gain some weight back .
but there 's always hope he 'll get back on track .
besides the obvious medical issue with him , i be disturb by the co @-@ dependant relationship with his wife .
at his worst , he weigh 1,072 pound .
he be unable to even roll over in bed , let alone get to the refrigerator or supermarket....
he could n't even get to a phone or a computer to order food if you put it 10 feet away from him .
so....who be feed his all that crap ?
who be bring it to him ?
she feel she 's show love by bring him to death door because he ask for ( or begged or rant ) for food .
and not just food....garbage .
i understand love for your spouse , but theirs be not a healthy relationship .
also , in the video , after he have get under 500 pound , patrick say " i avoid food with a lot of fat and sodium "....as he be snack on individual size bag on salt nut and potato chip .
in the scene before that ( after his gastic bypass and much weight loss ) , the wife bring him dinner....kentucky fry chicken .
" oh ", she say , " here 's your protein ", as she wave an extra crispy drumstick at him .
my husband love egg sald .
when i make it , i through out 4 out of the 12 yolk , and mix in a pound of tofu....he never know the difference .
( btw , he 's very thin , but have a heart condition ) .
wifey could maybe take some lesson from me .
doctor have tell me i have a full thickness rotator cuff tear and must have surgery or my shoulder will freeze .
look for information from anyone who have have it or with someone recuperate .
i have hear the recovery be brutally painful .
any tip , suggestion , etc. , about what to expect during first few day , how to manage , sleep , any info .
i have it do three year ago at john hopkins .
i have suffer low grade " bursitis " in one shoulder for many year ( probably a worn rotator cuff ) , until one day while work out i get a real , full tear .
lot of serious pain with some movement or any strenuous exertion .
my surgery be successful , but it take me several month to regain my range of motion in the shoulder .
i learn that the post op therapy be probably more critical than the surgery itself .
i be determine to restore the range of motion and to return to my old exercise routine , so i in effect take charge of the rehab program and make it clear to the therapist the orthopedic surgeon that i would n't accept less .
in retrospect i believe this be the critical thing , in that the docs . and the therapist take their cue from the patient -- if you passively accept less than full recovery , they will let you go .
if you be determine to go on , they will help .
i have full use of the shoulder and no more pain .
i would do it again .
i hope this be helpful and wish you good luck !
i 'm under erratic , severe stress in my personal life and my colorful , efficient adrenalin gland be play merry hell with my blood pressure .
i 'm hope to avoid drug by lose weight and learn serenity , but meanwhile i 'm suppose to monitor my blood pressure at home .
once upon a time i have a jim @-@ dandy wrist unit that work perfectly .
then after 7 year of faithful service , it up and die .
now the wrist unit at the local drugstore come with a read @-@ outbox that be too wide for my 5 1 @/@ 2 inch wrist .
i 've also try the wrap @-@ the @-@ upper arm monitor .
these only work about 20 % of the time and deal with them send my blood pressure up to new height .
also , because of a lumpectomy i can only use my left arm for b.p. reading .
i 'm leave hand , but be make progress in non @-@ dominent @-@ hand dexterity .
can anyone recommend a no @-@ hassle , luddite @-@ friendly home blood pressure monitor that will work around bird bone ?
noddy , from your post i assume you have not check on the model currently on the market .
most company have fully automatic model that do n't require adjust it to your arm with every use .
you adjust it once to fit your arm ( you can do this with it off your arm ; it might take two try ) and that 's that .
slip it on your arm . press a button and in less than a minute read your b.p. and heart rate .
i 've have an omron for three year and have never have a problem .
i think it cost in the vicinity of $ 50-$ 60 .
you can get them a bit cheap if you be willing to pump it up yourself .
the semi @-@ automatic that i have do the pump for you .
as i sit here foggy head and let face it with most of the symptom of hypoglycemia i think i should do something about it .
im try to start to eat healthily , slowly but surely , which mean cut out process food and eat more natural thing .
a good start to begin with but not necessarily deal with hypoglycemia .
it say give up thing like caffiene , tobacco , thing i dont consume anyway , it say give up wheat , which be bread , which i tend to eat alot of .
i assume we all do , it kind of house all the other ingredient we need like in sandwich or wrap , pizza .
basically do anybody have any advice on what to eat or recomend a good book ?
search out a glycemia index , and determine something both edible and low on the list .
add that to your diet , to avoid get into hypoglycemia .
if it happen anyway , skim ( non fat ) milk will raise the blood sugar about as fast as anything .
indulge in a light bedtime snack , again , something fairly low on the list .
do n't overdo it , though .
i have not yet be diagnose but i be begin to suspect hypoglycemia @/@ low blood sugar .
lately i have be very confuse , have anxiety , dizziness , fatigue , weak , depress , and generally low .
i know i need to gain more weight - i lose about 20 pound suddenly about 6 month ago and have n't be able to gain it back .
how do a doctor diagnose someone with this ?
what test should i have them run ?
i have be read about flumist , the new flu vaccine that be administer intranasally .
one thing that i notice , be that it be market as suitable for people age 5 @-@ 49 .
i have not see any material as to why the 50+ population be unsuitable for this vaccine .
anybody know why ?
well , accord to that fda link children between 5 and 17 be the most likely to actually get the flu itself and it look like that be the intend target age group for the development of flumist .
they note that it be 87 % effective in prevent people in that range from get the flu at all but people in the 18 @-@ 49 range only have lessen symptom .
it seem the older the patient the less effective the drug .
it be inconceivable that you take a multivitamin in good faith and it wreck havoc on your health in such a profound way but that be the case .
i " be " take a centrum multivitamin once a day as suggest on the back label and i be wake up with dry mouth so sever i could not even swallow .
my skin be get scaly , my eye burn and my feet be so dry they begin to develop callus and crack .
i stop my vitamin and it be now go .
what be up centrum ?
it be not just centrum but any type of multivitamin cause this .
if you search the internet for " dry mouth and multivitamin " you get this idiot name " jade m " on google answer that reply that it be " not likely " that a multivitamin be cause this dryness of nearly every cell in the body .
sorry to say jade m whoever you be but you be wrong...
if you do n't know what you be talk about you should n't be doling out incorrect information in an online medical forum .
my sister be a nurse at a veteran hospital and she complain to her doctor that she be get dry mouth .
he tell her that it be her multivitamin and she cut down her intake of the multivitamin and her dry mouth left completely .
a friend of mine who take many medication for his heart just come up to me and tell me he be get terrible dry mouth at night and reduce his multivitamin to only a few time a week and now no more dry mouth .
in other word if you follow the direction on the back label of your vitamin they will start slowly kill you .
do n't expect paul g. donohue m.d.to help you either .
he basically dismiss this elderly person claim then try to get her to take corrective medication .
how typical...
i get dry mouth too plus my skin get dry and scaly and when i stop my multivitamin it immediately go away .
now this be four completely unrelated people all come to the exact same conclusion .
not only can we not trust the general consensus on the internet but we cannot trust people who have phd credentials give their advice online .
what do we have to dry up and die before we finally figure out what ail us ?
when my sister tell this to me i do not really give it much think .
then i permanently lose 10 % of my eyesight due to dry eye .
then my mouth chronically become dry , skin keep pile up on my feet that i could n't sand it off fast enough to keep up with it , the skin on my hand become scaly and my lip keep crack and my tongue feel like it have pin and needle poke into it .
i stop the multivitamin and my mouth symptom be go , sadly my eyesight be still damage .
i should have just listen to my sister rather than err , jade m.
my doctor be even prescribe fish oil supplement to correct the dry skin problem which could not even put a dent in the problem be cause by my multivitamin .
i do n't consume a lot of salt in my diet and i be on no other medication or drug whatsoever .
if you be experience dry mouth and take a multivitamin stop the vitamin immediately before you ruin your health irreversibly .
take it only a few time a week , if that , and you will realize the vitamin cause this .
i be also tell by a pharmacist that other than the antioxidants , a person get what they need from their diet of most mineral and do not require a multivitamin at all .
so a strictly antioxidant formula be all that be require minus the multivitamin mineral .
please weigh in on this , sorry i be upset about this but i be also trouble now by internet advice that be clearly wrong about this issue and no tell how many others .
tinnitus , vision loss , global cellular degeneration , moisture loss , and even constipation be all cause by general use of multivitamins .
also if you be feed your children multivitamins you should be highly cautious of this too .
even child should only be give a multivitamin a few time a week and not every day .
they should be explain the danger of regular use of vitamin ( in other word follow the prescribed dosage ) .
take it from me who have experience this first hand , my sister who be a nurse , my friend take many meds whose dry mouth stop the very day he cut down on his multivitamin and l.f who be incorrectly advise by , err , donehue .
it be a sad commentary that people have to collectively learn this on their own and that doctor , health specialist and the internet be so out of the loop .
consider that vitamin water and health food drink on top of a multivitamin only compound this problem .
i forget what my sister say be cause this , i seem to recall zinc , but i may be wrong about that .
i have to ask her again .
consider if it be visibly destroy your skin it be also destroy your major organ too .
please comment and offer any further advice on this subject .
i just start on a new kind of multivitamin and my body 's be all kind of crazy .
i use to just take specific vitamin but that get expensive and elaborate and i be miss some thing so i switch to a multi .
the multi have calcium and i know from previous experience that calcium tear my stomach up .
i 'm get older and i know that i need some calcium though .
i do n't have dry mouth but i agree that multivitamins can have unintended consequence .
i have be take high potency multivitamins for almost twenty year .
i have not know any side effect .
one thing , though be to not have certain food too close to the time of the take , because certain one can interact .
for instance , i be take something now that advise to not take regular vitamin c for an hour on either side of take that product .
it suggest discontinue the 12 hour release of vitamin c for as long as that product be be use .
i have to constantly make such comparison to make sure it all work .
i be on very high dose vitamin c , besides my green multiple , that be very concentrate compare top wimpy centrum .
i never have dry mouth until this high dose of c , so i be assume it be the c.
i use it as an antihistamine to control my ibs .
i have overactive mast cell that start pull water into my gut when i run out of c and magnesium ( this i think be cause by take a round of vaccine in 2003 , and the study i find online confirm that mercury in the adjuvants often do cause increase histamine production ) .
so i be on 4000 @-@ 6000 mg of c 4x daily and 400 @-@ 600 mg magnesium 4 x daily .
this be a lot , but i have learn it do control my bowel .
the normal person would get colon blow from these dose , and it firm me up to normal .
this be ultimately an adrenal issue , as the adrenals be throw out huge amount of electrolyte and i be sure other stuff , so until i realize this i be in constant loose bowel lose my nutrient .
but it have cause dry mouth .
i do n't think it be as bad as some i have read here .
there be some archaelogists who believe that two site in syria could be the world 's early city .
tell brak and tell hamoukar in the ne of syria may have exist back in 3700bc .
seem plausible .
damascus be generally consider to be the oldest continuously inhabit city in the world .
it 's mention by name in genesis as a place where abraham stop on his way to canaan from ur of the chaldees ( in modern @-@ day iraq ) .
accord to this , american citizen can now be arrest and detain indefinitely without trial .
do that mean that anyone can be take and put into a hole forever without justification ?
if so , i think it 's scary .
but who decide that the person be actually a member of or work for al qaeda ?
what court can review that decision ?
well , the verdict just come in .
guilty of involuntary manslaughter .
the judge would not let him be release until sentence either .
the judge say his behavior be wreckless and the community could be in harm 's way . ( not his exact word ) .
i be glad he be lose his license .
no matter what , he never should have give michael jackson that propofol .
the man practiced here for many year .
the local tv news be run nothing but outrage over the conviction .
not one word in favor of it .
the local abc channel feature a legal expert who deride the trial , call it a travesty , make doctor afraid to treat patient and so forth .
he seem to think a " proper " court would have let murray go free .
an increase proportion of us children be so severely obese as to be at immediate risk for life @-@ threaten complication include type 2 diabetes .
some will become candidate for treatment at newly establish pediatric surgical weight loss programs throughout the country .
as an alternative approach , involvement of state protective service might be consider , include placement into foster care in carefully select situation .
ultimately , government can reduce the need for such intervention through investment in the social infrastructure and policy to improve diet and promote physical activity among children .
severe obesity in children -- be that a form of child abuse ?
should the state step in and save these kid from their parent ?
david... you 're so not look at the big picture .
if this current trend continue , a whole generation or two will be lose .
consider that we be globally compete against india and china who so far do n't suffer this epidemic , we will fall farther behind in almost every aspect .
these next generation will become a major burden on our health care system .
prevention be need now not later when it will much likely not work .
cheap to fix it now then to let it cripple the entire economy at a later date .
i live in ca and i sign an affiliation agreement 12 @/@ 09 which state that i be to pay a monthly fee to the owner .
the owner say " not " to pay until my business have pick up .
although my business be struggle , i have try several time to start pay this fee .
each time the owner say " no " do n't worry about .
we have now part way , for both personal and professional reason , and now they be take me to small claim court for the affiliation fee they say i do n't have to pay plus their legal fee ( i be be bully ) .
have anyone dealt with a situation like this ?
i think a verbal agreement would override a write agreement , but be that hard to prove ?
i mean obviously the proof be that they be sue me for back fee that i have not be pay because business have be slow .
please , help or share your story .
it sound like there be more than what you have post .
did you break a lease or agreement with them ?
leave early ?
it sound like they be waive certain fee , with the understand that you be go to stay for the long haul .
if you leave early , then they now want all their fee .
a write agreement trump a verbal agreement .
a write agreement be hard proof .
without that it 's your word against their word .
you should have put the money be escrow if you feel uncomfortable with the arrangement .
my newspaper have an article today on animal hoarder , list some signifigant recent case :
one woman live on an old school bus with 117 dog , 4 cat and 2 chicken .
one man have 500 dog .
another have 80 cat .
two week ago , animal service confiscate 39 cat live with a man in a van .
most hoarder live in unimaginable filth .
( i do n't want to post the photo because they be really gross.)
most of these people be charge with animal abuse and neglect and they be fine and jail .
do you think these people be criminal ?
i watch animal planet ( way too late at night this weekend ) and see a florida animal cop .
they bust a hoarder with 82 dog and confiscate 78 of them ( i think legally in fla you can have 4 ) .
the dog be in such bad shape , some could n't walk because their nail be so long , most be flea infest and have be sleep in their own feces .
there be two set of puppy in the house and as they pan around the house , it appear that there be at least two other set of puppy in the make .
the woman be not prosecute as long as she be willing to give up the amount need to take her back to the legal limit .
and they check up on her after that .
apparently the media run a story about it and over 40 dog be adopt the first day they be available .
i go for mentally ill as well , but like freeduck say , sometimes the only way to get them treatment be to prosecute .
they just tell this woman they would keep check up on her ( randomly so she could n't hide pet like she be when they be round them up ) and as long as she have only 4 , she be fine .
that seem reasonable to me since no dog be dead , no dog be starve , they just need more attention .
it be a much better story than the dog chain to a tree for 3 week in florida heat that finally succumbed...made me cry .
now those people should be tie to a tree with no food and water and see how they do...
we have our own local " cat lady " who make the newspaper headline a couple of decade ago .
she live in a filthy , almost uninhabitable house surround by cat , cat , cat .
many people try to help her , but she make it impossible for anyone to give her effective assistance even in the face of have her home condemn .
and that 's what eventually happen .
her house be declare a public nuisance and the city tore it down .
i 'm pretty sure this old lady have more than just a few screw loose .
i see her many year ago at a local supermarket .
she be wear a drab winter coat and a large colorful scarf around her head with her unkempt gray wig hair stick out .
she be slump against a wall and the store personnel have call an ambulance .
it be a pathetic sight .
i think it be a kind of depression myself , where one let go of a lot of effort to keep up with daily life except to ' care ' for animal , and then be overwhelm but see no way out of it - except that they do , i gather , start again .
a kind of compulsion .
not that i do n't want them stop .
be this a kind of ocd ? a pre @-@ alzheimers ?
there be something to be say for humane institutional care , and i be not talk about the dog .
tricky subject , on which i can see several side .
please - this be not a thread about the case , as such , i find those thread concern - but about some of the difference between the american , and some other country ' practice - and their effect .
for instance : i ) in australia , and , i believe , great britain at the very least , the name of a juvenile involve in a criminal matter be not reveal , whether they be allege victim , or allege perpetrator , except in very special circumstance
( eg they have be kidnap , and police seek public help to find them - or they have be murder - or if they be allege to have commit a very serious crime and be be try as adult , or if it be in some way in the public interest.)
to these non @-@ us eye , it be very shock to see the name and photograph of the young man allege to have be abuse by jackson splash all over the media -
here , juvenile be protect to the point that , on the few occasion i have accompany a minor who be rape or sexually abuse to court , while she @/@ he give testimony - if the offender ( these be case where , oddly , a conviction be obtain , so i do not say " allege " offender ) be also a minor , it be a big deal to be allow in to be a support person for the victim , because i would hear the name of the offender .
what do people think of the us practice ?
what be the reason for it ?
which would you prefer ?
what do you think be the impact on young people so identified ?
ii ) the media circus .
here , both defence and prosecution be very limit as to what they can say about a case that be before the court . the matter be consider sub judice .
occasionally , with high profile case , the police will " leak " thing - and @/@ or the media will attempt , within the letter of the law , to try a case in the media ( the lindy chamberlain case be a terrible example of both these occurrence ) -
but the organised propaganda campaign that i think i detect in the us be not generally present .
full detail be generally releasable only after the trial .
again , the spectacle be very shock to these non @-@ us eye .
i presume it be allow because of an interpretation of free speech ?
do people think it aid justice ? that it be societally positive ? what do you think ?
iii ) this be unrelated - but , do people think this be go to be another black v white case , and do you think that high profile non @-@ caucasian people still - despite their wealth and power - be unfairly treat in the us justice system ?
i would think that , similarly to here , that poor and obscure people of colour would tend to be - but i be interested in view re people who have achievedfame and fortune .
judge the us legal system based on what go on in , say , the jackson case be probably a bad idea .
i 've serve on jury duty several time and come away highly impress with how seriously everybody take their various responsibility .
a case like jackson 's , alas , or the kobe bryant case betray many standard .
the media have some role in this , as do glory @-@ hound attorney on both side .
i 'm sure , for example , that a minor 's name should never be publicize in a case like this .
i 'm try to pay as little attention to this case as possible , because i think it 's more a freak show than anything else .
please do n't judge our system on the basis of the jackson trial !
we have very strict publication ban around identity of abuse minor in canada .
the person charge often cannot be identify , as their name , and the detail of the relationship to the child , would mean the child could possibly be identify .
sleep next to the elephant mean we 've probably become a bit jaded to the circus . but the law be much tighter here .
i would be extraordinarily happy not to make such a judgment , d'artagnan ! !!! but - it be allow to happen !
would the name of the child , for instance , normally be suppress ?
how often do case become media circus ?
i guess what i be get at be the different law on such matters...
interest to have such difference in the system of country that grew so similarly , ehbeth .
we seem much more like you guy - but , i suppose , the us invent its law after a revolution - we inherit them after century of slow evolution with no cataclysm , and make change slowly .
i think but i 'm not completely sure if you can print any name of a sexual abuse victim in canada without the express permission of the victim .
you cannot print the name of any minor whether the victim or perpetrator of any crime , except in very special @/@ rare circumstance where a minor be at large and a suspected danger to the community or themselves .
a court order be need in these case and once the minor be apprehend the name and or picture must not be print again , ever .
news outlet be rarely allow to print anything specific in these case as well .
in case of family abuse the name be rarely print , if ever , in order to protect the victim .
i have no idea the victim in the jackson case be publicize .
i have see picture of his previous victim which i though be pretty appal but generally the face have be smudge out .
what i hope will happen here be that people will come along to present the case for allow the name to be make public , because it be incomprehensible to me -
but there must be reason for the us system to be the way it be on these matter .
it be n't as though people in the us be not interested in and critical of their own system - gotta be a reason...
i think they be get ready to bring the first miner up .
over 2,000 feet up , in a little tube , through a little tunnel .
on cnn i see a picture they show of the face of the miner , and i see at least a couple guy that look way too big to fit in that thing .
i guess they 'll be suck in their gut .
wow , 69 day .
that 's like a full season of big brother .
i guess the whole rescue be suppose to take about two day , if their estimate be correct and nothing go wrong .
and the whole thing will be watch live all over the world .
here 's a place where there be some livestreams if you want to check it out .
americans could learn a lot from the chilean people as the 33 miner be rescue .
they come together to support and save the miner ' life .
so much better than the political party fight go on over the come election in the u.s.
i have a question .
the last man , one of the rescuer , must be able to lock the rescue tube 's door correctly from the inside ?
i can understand how he could hook up the oxygen pack and other devise , but i can n't figure out how he can lock the door so it do n't come loose if no one be there to do it from the outside .
he will have to hold it shut with a handle or maybe a bungee cord hold on the inside .
good question .
look like these guy be gonna get out in time to do their christmas shop
i be sorry ; but i think chili be part of america...
one of them at least...
they come in two 's you know...inner mongolia , and outer mongolia...that sort of thing...
in any event , i do not know the answer to your question...
it would seem that for most door , there be a handle on the inside and the outside...
just like hammer have claw so you can go both way with a nail...
speak from experience , it be damn difficult some time not have reverse on a motor cycle...
you can n't stop ride without think about ride later...
here i be , and how do i get out..
i 'm watch on the telly yet another shooter ( orlando fla ) news say 8 victim take to hospital .
you know what david be go to tell you in a few minute : if the others have gun to protect themselves , they all would be dead by now .
that 's how gun logic work , my dear dys .
guess all the gun crazy psychotic be flip out of the woodwork .
yeah , and then i 'm a gun owner .
and your """" enlighten """" solution be ?
my " enlighten " solution be for everyone to determine who might become a potential shooter and kill them before they be able to harm anyone .
do my sarcasm equate adequately to yours ?
i 'm talk specifically about the show of the content of the package that he send to nbc .
i realize that this stuff will probably come out anyway , and that the public really really want to see what be in that package , but be n't it also in a way glorify @/@ validate the guy 's action and give him exactly what he want ?
for instance , the image of him point a gun at the camera be on just about every news site i see online , and the video clip of his rantings be start to show up everywhere as well . and his write .
i realize how fascinate it be to try to get inside this nutball 's head , but be there any way to put the news out there about him without give him rock star status ?
be it even possible ?
i wonder how long until this stuff show up on murderauction.com or one of those other disgust site .
i think there can be detail ( what happen when , who try to do what , etc.) without spread his own propaganda . because that 's what it be .
he stage @-@ manage this -- he want the badass stuff out there , he want that last image .
just show a small picture of who he be , the original one be fine .
the rest be unnecessary , and article bbb and nimh have link to argue convincingly that the propaganda be downright dangerous .
the american public have reach the point in our culture , that the news that get the most coverage be the news that play to the lowest common denominator amongst us .
think about it . for week , there be pamela anderson and the baby . then it be don imus . now all we hear about be that murderous nutjob who act on his sick delusion .
it be like the newspaper and tv want to beat out the supermarket rag . ugh !
i 've be enjoy the nytimes blog , primarily by michael kimmelman , who i 'm use to read when he write about art.
but he 's join by several other good writer who be apparently hang around the us open type away as they feel like it .
i like all the different viewpoint .
have always like vecsey 's write , but can n't read him in the paper lately because he 's now in the time select group that you have to pay for to get access to , even on the day of the article .
my favorite writer on the blog be kimmelman , he seem to have my eye , if i have his .
i 'm enjoy the play by play , as it be , so much that i want to see if i can go back and read the blog on the world cup .
probably not , as so much time have pass .
anybody on a2k follow this ?
go to the match ?
i do follow international tennis -- one of the first thing i want to glance over on the morning newspaper .
not go to the match , though ?
well , so be you follow the us open ( http : //www.usopen.org/)?
who be your fave player ?
yeah , she sure be a tennis prodigy .
she 's always lack the killer serve that be a key to today 's power game , though .
if she do n't have it in her heyday , she 's not go to have it now in the twilight of her career .
hey , hope your day be go well !
i have a question for anyone who feel that want to answer .
i have be watch a bit of ' rhythmic gymnastics ' on youtube...i just find it amazing...it 's very cool .
i do n't have child , but when i get to that stage , i 'd love a daughter of mine to take part in this really cool sport .
my question though be , be it true or just a myth that while all this crazy flexibility at a young age be nice , at old age they will be in pain and not able to move at all ?
if it be true , i 'd prefer not to have any part in it , but if it 's not true , it would be great to know .
can anyone help ?
i 'm no expert , but nadia comenechi , the famous romanian gymnast , have no health problem from her gymnastics day though her former gymnast husband be wracked with arthritis .
thank for you quick reply .
could it be that different people react to it in different way ?
maybe you just enjoy it while you do , and if you find it painful afterwards...bad luck , if not...great !
have anyone else get any other thought ?
i 'm not familiar with rhythmic gymnastics , but i know both gymnast and dancer be prone to on @-@ the @-@ job injury -- and the effect of those injury can add up .
the behaviour of australian cricket fan be of more concern than the thousand of spirit barmy army member set to descend upon our shore for this summer 's ash series , say victoria 's police .
the number of english fan travel to australia be expect to easily surpass the 10,000 who come for the 2002 @-@ 03 ash series because of last year 's victory and because of an online ticket fiasco that saw thousand of english fan nab ash ticket mean for australians .
there have be some discussion here about the ash .
not the test series , the actual one .
apparently the aussies ( a devious lot ) have say that when they win the series ( that 's if they do , but they do n't think that way ) they want to take the small urn from its permanent place at lord 's cricket ground back to oz .
mcc say , on your bike cobber , because that urn be a gift , not a trophy , and it stay where it be .
what say the aussies now ?
i 'm sit here pull my hair out because my roomate be watch the master on tv . i 'd rather drink battery acid than watch golf .
while semi @-@ watch , i just realize something : while the golfer be set up his shot , and about to swing , all the fan get very quiet for them . then i think about fan at sport games( golf be n't a sport event , it 's a hobby ) , and they scream , yell , and do their best to annoy the oppose team 's player and throw them off their game .
why the hell do golfer escape that aspect ? the pressure and ability to block stuff out add to the challenge . why be they so special ?
this make me just hate watch golf on tv even more .
i love golf .
do n't understand watch it .
also do n't understand course that use cart .
none of that new @-@ fangled crap for me .
walk , and carry your bloody club .
so there be others out there other than myself that hate golf and believe its not a sport ? thats wonderful !
golf be a sport... an incredibly bore sport...
tennis player get the same ' silent treatment ' from spectator -- not exactly sure why...
bite me , slappy .
hatred of golf be for people with brain deficiency .
one other thing that must annoy you . in all other sport ( yeah , golf be a sport ) ...there be ref and umps and all that . and the people play the sport argue with those official all the time .
in golf...you gotta call foul on yourself . and golfer do !
there ain't nothing in the world better than golf . ( well...maybe one thing . but even that , you can eventually get enough of . you can never get enough of golf.)
will tom ever return to the pat ?
ever ? yeah , next season .
it 's look like he be out for the year , though depedning on his rehabilitation , he may try to be available for the playoffs .
it 's tough to say though .
my money be on brady to return next year .
i do n't think he 's willing to let the previous season 's super bowl be his last .
or it be possible you will stand there with a freeze grin on your face , unable to say anything remotely intelligent .
we can help you !
several of us a2k'ers have create a support group to painlessly guide you towards appear knowledgeable even if , like many of us , you be clueless .
they be call the wildcard game .
you will need to invest a grand total of 7 minute . total . max .
please indicate , by noon on saturday , jan 8 th , your pick on these 4 game :
ny jet @ indianapolis colt
baltimore raven @ kansas city chief
new orleans saint @ seattle seahawks
green bay packer @ philadelphia eagle
the jet aggravate me no end in fantasy football ( sanchez be my quarterback ) , so this seem to me a perfectly good reason to pick the colt , who also aggravate me , but not as much .
i 'm place my faith that the jet 's defense will kick in one more time .
plus i like it that no one else seem to have faith in the jet .
besides this wild card round be just fodder for the real game when the patriot start play and ultimately take the whole burrito , ( enchiladas be n't classy enough for tom brady and the gang ) .
instead of a coin toss - and because i know absolutely nothing about football @- i 'm go to do it by which city i know @/@ like better and see how well i do .
so my pick will be :
new york
baltimore
new orleans
philadelphia
just as an experiment to begin with , but i be fairly competititive in spirit , so if one of my team make it to the super bowl - i 'll watch it instead of the andy griffith show marathon and eat me some chicken wing and drink a beer or two .
sound fun to me...can't hurt .
be there a prize ?
in an article in toronto 's " globe and mail " newspaper , john polanyi , a nobel laureate and member of the department of chemistry at the university of toronto , recommend that afghanistan farmer be allowed( you might even say " be encourage ") to grow poppy ( opium ) legally .
he argue that there be a shortage of painkilling medication , particularly in poor , third world country , and that afghanistan could supply the need poppy at a lower price than commercially produce painkiller .
i see the interview he give on cbc @-@ tv recently and he seem to know what he be talk about .
as he put it : " the afghan farmer have to make a live to fee his - often large - family .
we can force him to produce the poppy illegally and fee into the illegal drug market or we can buy the poppy from him and help provide pain @-@ kill drug ."
as i post sometime ago , country such as :france , australia and india be permit to grow poppy legally for the production of drug - why not allow the afghan farmer the same privilege ?
have a look at the article and see if you agree with him or not .
the problem with poppy cultivation be n't the grow of the crop itself .
the problem be oversight and market .
opiate have legitimate medicinal use .
unfortunately , the product of the papver somniferum plant have far more monetary value on the black market than when sell to legitimate pharmaceutical manufacturer .
thank for the article and the background - i read both .
there would be problem though .
the criminal element that currently buy the crop be still go to try and get their hand on it , so the crop would need to be guard .
that 's go to cost a fair bit and probably result in bloodshed .
hot world conflict in the computer near you ! live ! entertain ! wild !
the future of the news reality show , or whatever should one call it .
kevin site tour the world 's conflict zone with digital technology that will allow him to blog and transmit image and video from war ridden area daily .
one can contact him there , or chat with him live on the website .
now while i know he 's do it voluntarily and probably for a shootload of money , i have to say i find the idea of such a project odd and somewhat disconcerning .
will it start a new wave of journalist seek out the most dangerous situation to sell their goods ?
competition on who can go the farthest ?
and will that encourage the side in conflict to up their performance , so to speak , get international live coverage straight from the front ?
especially if there will be more and more keven sites'es roam the world ?
thousand of journalist already do seek out war zone , sure .
but this be take it to a whole new level , i think .
anyway , i 'm confuse about how i feel about it .
i will surely look in often to see where he 's at and will be curious about the report and live video .
it have a voyeuristic element to it , do n't it ?
ah , what be this world come to .
and what do the future of journalism hold for us ?
can we control it in any way ?
what do you think ?
gus , that 's what 's make me uncomfortable .
it just seem like a stoopid idea to me .
but i won't deny that i be also curious , although it make me feel kinda dirty .
partake in make a violent conflict a part of entertainment culture .
well , more so than it already be . yecchh .
everything in life have a positive , and a negative side .
the good thing about this be that they might be able to record what really be happen in certain area of the world in case the government of the world tell us different .
if they make money good for them !
if they survive many of these men come back home change , and sometimes not for the better .
they could also come back wound or sick .
to me , it 's a good thing to be able to choose how your go to die when it 's for a good cause .
there be incident where the bastard in charge decide it would be best for a certain reporter to " die in conflict "
mr. site better tread carefully .
of course , i imagine he 'll have quite an entourage and that might ensure his safety from the more devious sort .
the un or at least some of the member threaten sanction .
sanction , what sanction could the un impose , refuse to purchase the lifeblood of industry " oil "?
iraq could on the other hand cut their production and cause the price of that commodity to go through the roof .
be the threat of sanction just another instance where the us and the un be just blow smoke ?
it 's blow smoke as it 's the people who will end up suffer from any such move .
if the un really want to make a difference , they could threaten to pass a resolution ! !!!!
ooooooh ! that ought to scare ' em...."
and bush be clamering the loudest .
do he , i wonder , think that would be his excuse to invade .
it would be wmd 's all over again .
i can n't believe that even the crew that " own " the us at the present time would do something as rash and ill conceive .
let me start by say that i love morocco .
i 've be there a few time in the last 6 or 7 year and have become familiar with its people and custom and geography and unique challenge .
each time i 've visit , i 've notice immense , fast @-@ pace progress , both economically and socially .
since my first visit there a network of well @-@ build highway have be build , enable european and internal tourism and commerce to flourish .
i 've witness cell phone come on the market and virtually explode .
high speed internet be available .
house build and land development be through the roof .
agricultural technology have take off and enable farmer to be profitable and efficient , as well as increase the availability of affordable food to all moroccans .
my aim for this thread be to periodically discuss new development and economic initiative in morocco as they come about in the news , as well as any other news that be deem curious or interesting .
i 'm interested in morocco .
i know there be some cell there of folk who want to cause havoc but that be presumably not the whole population .
the country have seem attractive to me for year .
at the least , i be interested in hear more about it .
don , could you be more specific about why morocco be to be avoid ?
this all remind me of myself sit at a train station in italy at about 5 @:@ 30 a.m . one morning .
my husband and i wander in after buy our train ticket to get cappuccini and dolci before the ride... and share a table with two tourist from the us .
on my right be a table of what turn out to be moroccan laborers .
my xhub and the tourers be talk away about something and i glance over at the ( moroccans ) and we start talk in poor italian , which be how i find out they be from morocco .
very polite sleepy early morning nice conversation.. i turn to the others and the lady say , " dear , you musn't talk with them , they be dangerous ."
i can n't remember what i say , but it be short , succinct .
that be a long time ago .
not every immigrant from far away land be the devil in disguise , and neither be all of us .
well say , jln !
i have n't be there myself but my 3 son and a friend went a couple of year ago .
they say a ) it be one of the most beautiful place they have be and b ) it be the place in the world they have be most hassle and cheat .
i think , too , that as 4 young men travel together , they be look upon as a challenge by local youth .
they say there be fight amongst kid in the street and this seem to be normal and tolerate .
so it be a society with a very male testosterone @-@ rich style .
the shop run by women be altogether less hassly , more friendly .
one thing they find particularly hard to deal with be other young men attach themselves to their group and be undislodgeable ( a nwe word and it 's only 9 am ! ) .
my eldest who be especially friendly and tolerant try to make friend with these people but in the end they all want something .
that can be dispirit for the open @-@ mind and open @-@ hearted .
but they enjoy their stay generally , would certainly not avoid it in future .
as for lump all islamic country together as a no go area - what complete nonsense !
as we 're go to turkey and syria at the end of this month , and expect to have a wonderful trip as independent traveller , i be definitely make a political statement -
i do not lump all muslims together , and believe that 98 % be friendly to traveller .
most be undoubtedly anti @-@ american and anti @-@ bush , but that be not a sentiment confine to the islamists .
my engagement ring @/@ wed ring and other personal ring along with my husband 's wed ring be steal .
at least we assume so .
we go camp and put them together in the car .
after camp and come home we search high and low and could not find them .
we call the campground and the owner say they have clean our campsite and do not find anything .
so we have to assume some one stole them .
we do have the car unlock at time so it be a definate possibility .
really stink at it be just our anniversary right before .
yep , that stink .
we be rob one time right before christmas .
came home , and the basement door have be kick in .
all they take be wrap christmas gift , and all of my husband 's sock .
sound funny now , but at the time i feel very violate at the thought of stranger go through my house .
@mags314772,
yes i can say the one thing be at least it be n't in my house .
the idea of some one go through your house be as bad as them take christmas present .
wow , the afghanis be in for a life @-@ change shock to their culture and way of life .
tribal leader , international corporation , international government and border neighbors will all be vie with each other and the afghani people for a piece of the action .
it will be interesting to watch who take what side .
will china and russia now side with the taliban to take over the country and exploit the riches ?
will the us help the afghani people to learn from our mistake and protect their natural environment from strip mine ?
will al queda now return to the country to enrich themselves with the profit ?
will the lithium deposit take away from effort by al gore and others to invest in and invent research and development in improve battery storage for the very young renewable clean energy industry in the u.s ?
i dont think that any vast deposit find in one land that barely exist as a state and have almost no industry will be a setup for a despotic regime or a surge of taliban takeover of province within which be these deposit .
since much of it lie in the mountainous region of the west and southwest , these be already the subject of the new campaign against a resurface taliban .
these mineral , especially the lithium , will need major process before its in a commercial state for battery .
long term development for all kind of battery for entire new gizmos ( not just blackberry ) will be based on better and better lithium cell .
most of the world recoverable deposit lie in south america lake deposit and in our own western north carolina in vast quartz deposit .
if they find deposit of rhodium and platinum itd be a major reason to enter negotiation to help em develop their resource .
you can have all the rear metal in the world in your country , but the support infrastructer 's must be in place , i.e. road , power plant , process facilties , water , ton and ton of water , chemical supplier , etc.
so what may appear as a rich mineral bonanza , will be shoot down for now and the forseable future , because the cost of extraction , be larger that any profit margin .
the administrative and legislative branch of our government can n't agree on how to make a dent in our deficit .
the solution ?
go on vacation for a month and appoint a bipartisan group of senator and representative to try to work out some sort of plan .
their mission be to reduce next year 's deficit by $ 1.2tn over the next 10 year .
they must come up with a plan by thanksgiving - roughly 100 day - that 7 of the 12 member can agree on .
if they fail , there will be across the board cut .
if they succeed , their plan must pass the house and the senate with no alteration .
i , too , be skeptical , edgar .
the 3 dems and 3 repubs from the house seem to be intractably commit to their party ' more extreme wing .
the senator be be describe as " dealmakers , " willing to compromise at the end .
we will have to see .
in the meantime , if any of you find biography of the 12 member of the super committee , please link or write your own profile of them .
i 've say elsewhere that i do n't think they 're expect to accomplish anything .
they may put out a proposal but it will probably fail in one chamber or the other .
neither chamber can come to consensus on substantive reform , imo , and the trigger will be pull .
the trigger be specifically choose because each one be desirable to one party and not anethema to the other .
it never be a good idea and only seem to be a good idea to the moron .
there be never any reason to think that this be go to work , and now that it will not they be go to try to defuse the trigger...but that might not work either .
i dont know what the vegas odds of gut the defense department be but i put it at around 30 % .
it be always go to happen at some point , but maybe 10 @-@ 20 year down the line , not now .
if this happen it will be a major break of faith with the american people .
million of americans go to war for america , and come back break or otherwise give up a lot , and now we look to take a huge chunk of their hide because washington no long work .
this , folk , be go to be a problem .
edit : " delay and pray " have not work in europe , and it will not work in america .
in both place we see from our so call leader a massive refusal to step up to the plate .
bullshit ! !! we be our own people .
the reason we be fight the world war be because the very rich who dont want to pay their share of tax want the protection of the government for the wealth and job they have import to other country .
what the majority of the u.s citizen get in return be nothing but a lack of job and a reduction in our ability to fee our family .
time to plug yourself in for a recharge , youre start to run down .
if you wanna defeat obama , seem to me you need a candidate with something between their ear .
all i see be bozo and friend on the gop side .
( hint : id vote for a republican if one of substance show up , im not too thrill with the job obama do .
i think he waste his capital on the health care right at the begin of the worst economic situation weve see in our lifetime .
unfortunately , you cannot really think that any of the present gaggle of gop candidate have get substance ) .
thus the analysis that i have put up on a2k in multiple place that the us federal government be corrupt , and be run by the corporate class .
we see the oppression of the people by the government in other area besides economics though , for instance i have point out how this oppression be weave onto our sex law .
the oppressor should not get too comfy , as oppressor the world over be find out they get over thrown by force of public will .
the oppressor of the american people will eventually suffer the same fate...
where be theodore " teddy " roosevelt when we need him --- again ?
the greatest irony i 've see here at a2k hawkeye be although i agree with on the statement that the us be an oligarchy or a plutocracy i believe you have foolishly drunk the kool @-@ aid to think the tea party be genuine in it 's pursuit to save the country from " our oppressor " when every move they propose be a basic tenet to strengthen the status quo .
clearly you be too blind by your personal selfishness and greed to see and feel the rain fall on your head from your tea party overlord .
government exist for a reason .
progressive government exist and should continue to exist in order to protect it 's citizen from the raid and loot horde of the multibillion dollar conglomerate and bank institution who themselves exist in order to set up a select small population into extreme wealth and power .
i be not of the tea party , i be a radical leftist formerly a revolutionary currently a socialist .
it could be argue that a better word be collectivist...
i strongly support libertarian political action because i want to see individual once again free enough from government oppresion that they can choose to come together in collective effort .
what we have now be a sham socialism impossed by a government which be own by the coporate class , whos only mission be to grab more wealth .
we be free from government oppression .
now if we can free ourselves from our billion dollar overlord perhaps we can enjoy real freedom and get rid of our bought politician .
the euro country be afraid to let greece go bankrupt , because it will be follow by spain and ireland .
if that happen , the euro 's value will drop to unimaginable level , and inflation will hit all their country .
the european central bank euro policy continue to exacerbate the problem for greece and the other euro country with huge deficit .
france and germany be try their best to prop up greece with more loan and forgive of loan , but that seem like a lose proposition when greece really do n't have an economy that can pay back the loan they already have .
it seem like desperation time for the euro zone country , but the majority be in no position to assist greece with their grow deficit .
how long will this plug of hole in the dam last ?
germany and france be in no position to save all of them when the water 's rush get stronger by the month ( grow deficit ) .
greece 's debt be 179 % of gdp .
how will they survive ?
i believe we 're on the rim of an economic maelstrom .
greece be only the latest symptom of a financial disease that have become pandemic .
i believe that , too .
rather like an individual who work hard , produce useful work , and save for the future suddenly find himself wipe out because of the act of a central bank , somewhere .
you guy be depress me .
can n't i just go back to blissful ignorance ?
after wwii , the recovery be fast .
there be pent up demand for everything after the war , because most civilian earn money build our war machine for four year , and there be hardly any consumer goods to buy .
even food be put on ration .
what be " funny " to some degree be the " cheap " junk we import from japan , because americans be ready to spend money .
i remember lighter from japan be make from soda pop can , and they must have sell million of those .
it appear a global recession be on its way .
a bush league president and political party should never be near the steer wheel of the us economy .
their reckless policy and ideology can only lead backwards to a 18 th or 19 th century society of robber baron and ideological cutthroat .
it 's too late ; we 've be a recession many month ago ; most family could not continue to live their lifestyles of a couple of year ago because food and fuel cost have increase to the point most could not keep up with those higher cost .
as family member lose their job and home , many also lose their health insurance .
that 's a biggie for most family .
you can listen to our government about " not be in a recession , " but i see it different .
some important cricket be go to be play out in the next coupla month :
australia take on sl ( or rather australian spectator take on murali ) ; india sweat it out with pakistan ; sa prepare to face nz .
there 's lot to talk about .
would the ozzies and indians ( british be allow , too ) want to talk over a beer or two ?
i 'm here !
glad they give stuart mcgill a run .
the new year test in sydney be aus vs india .
i go to the last aus @-@ india test .
we arrive , and the scoreboard read india 7 @-@ 705. aarrggghhh !
i take a photo of it .
was still a draw , though . steve waugh 's last sydney test .
hope that do n't happen again !
australian rock legend billy thorpe have die this morning after suffer a major heart attack overnight .
thorpe , 60 , die in the early hour of the morning after he be rush to sydney 's st vincent 's public hospital at 2 am ( aedt ) , a spokesman have say .
did he do anything a non @-@ aussie may recognise ?
billy move to the us in 1976 .
children of the sun be release in 1979 top twenty .
billy headline his own sold out tour through 1979 and 80 .
sometime there abouts his record lable went belly up .
polygram assume the right .
live as fast as he die .
at least in the early year .
they should have a one minute silence up at the cross .
after strategically ' excise ' bit of australia in order to thwart people smuggler ( you can n't land in australia if we pass a law to say it be n't australia this week ) , our pint @-@ size pm have decide to think big .
how big .
real big .
the govt be plan to create a ' security zone ' that extend 1,000 nautical mile around the country .
this would allow the monitor and possible interception of any vessel within the zone .
amazingly , other nearby nation ( indonesia for one ) be a bit put out as it extend australian soverienty well into sth east asia .
and why ?
the usa have one....
there must be some sort of international bench @-@ mark for piss off other nation in play here .
this govt have also repeatadly say that it will take independent action to pre @-@ emptively strike at ' terror ' and we be sourcing supplier of cruise missile .
now , it be pretty obvious that australia won't be attack from the east ( nz ) , the south ( antarctica ) or the west ( big ocean then madagascar ) .
so , ' security zone ' be shorthand for , ' you sneaky little brown people better not try any funny business '.
of course they just happen to be the most populous muslim nation on earth - of course we should always walk tall and talk tough when deal with them .
could you imagine how tough washington would be if there be the ' islamic republic of canada ' with a billion or more people sit on their northern border ?
you will never ever appease indonesia .
they could n't give a stuff about australia no matter what we say .
they would have invade us long ago if there be n't a big stretch of ocean in between .
if i be to describe accurately and succinctly my estimation of that post , australia , i might be ban .
i shall content myself by simply say that you be utterly ignorant of where stilly might have be , and what his experience or feeling might be , nor do i see his whereabouts as form the basis of any rational argument .
perhaps fortunately , however , you have make no attempt to formulate any such argument .
well be n't that progressive of them...
this be the second time they 've do so .
the most amaze thing though be california , often describe as the very heart of american liberalism , vote conservative on just about every one of the proposition out there .
they do approve assist suicide , but i think vote against every other ' liberal ' proposal .
i honestly think the pendulum be begin to swing back from the far leave .
we can always hope .
once the traditional marriage be safe , then i be confident the people will get busy to provide a way for gay couple to enjoy the same protection as married people do , and i think that will pass with scarcely more than a murmor .
a new report on global warm , the product of a task force of academic , business leader and politician , chair by former blair administration transport minister stephen byers and republican senator olympia snowe , be deeply unsettle .
i love when those that do n't get it claim there can n't be global warm cause it 's 8 degree and theres 3 feet of snow on the ground .
that 's actually one of the thing ( record / increase snowfall ) that indicate global warn be take place .
what i do n't get be why some so vehemently deny global warm .
what be the benefit of deny that it be happen or accept that it be possible ?
ya learn something new every day....
ambergris be use in perfume or as a perfume .
i think it be a type of amber ( a tree resin product ) , but it be totally unrelated .
ambergris be basically , sperm whale trace .
you know how hawk and coyote vomit up the undigestible part of their food ?
so do sperm whale .
the stuff the eject be fould and gross , but after it float in the sun , on the ocean , for many year , it become ambergris - worth a small fortune too.....
there be nothing the 19 th century whaler prize more highly -- a good haul of ambergris could allow all the ship officer to retire , or buy their own ship -- and allow the sailor to get famously drink , until they be rob and go lookin ' for a new berth...
i find that quite interesting .
imagine break open a chunk of a ambergris and discover something like that...
" hey , kris , what the hell be this thing inside the ambergris ? "
" let me have a look .
i believe that be the hard beak of a giant squid ! "
that initial article say it be ban in the us under some endanger species thingie -- why , though ?
it seem like it 's pretty separate from any harm to the animal .
( if they kill one for it , if they get anything at all they 'll some foul @-@ smell bile that have to be float on the sea for 10 year or more...)
the ambergris itself be consider an endanger species , soz .
it be consider to be a float ecosystem , sort of a microcosm of a rain forest , and every time one be destroy scientist lose valuable information that might have be use for discover a cure for cancer or some other dealdly malady .
obama dramatically escalate the extrajudicial killings by america around the world ( mainly in yemen , pakistan and afghanistan ) since take office .
for example , in his first year in office america carry out more drone attack in pakistan than bush 's entire presidency .
the next year ?
he more than double his own increase rate .
obama be send out these drone to kill people at a rate of once every 4 day .
bush 's average be about once every 50 .
we 've make a new generation of enemy in pakistan and afghanistan for these assassination ( and the " night raid " obama escalate in afghanistan ) .
other than bin laden , nobody we be kill have anything to do with 9 @/@ 11 .
a decade later many of the young men we be assassinate ( along with the civillians that constitute one third of the number kill by these drone ) must have be kid when that happen .
do you think this be a good idea ?
if this be bush would you be protest it ?
vote against him ?
why can obama , the greatest drone murderer in history , get away with it with hardly a word about it ?
he even get away with crack joke about predator drone while i know damn well that most of you here would have excoriate bush for something like that .
so why be it ?
do you all just not know that obama have escalate the killings do in your name or do you just not care anymore ?
be war cool now ?
are these kill moral now ?
why be the life bush be kill more valuable than the one that obama be kill ?
why be you guy gonna vote for this warmonger ?
when you go on a crusade you do n't pull any punch with your headline , do you , robert ?
that 's a bit over the top , don'cha think ?
i state long ago that i no long support him .
i will vote third party , if at all , since neither major party want to nominate somebody with my value .
i see your point , which you make well on the other thread .
i have a discussion a week or so ago with a old lib friend think about vote for ron paul , and i go on about my old theory about watch for the company someone keep .
that 's from my hematology day , when if you find a blast cell in a peripheral smear , it be very likely a progenitor of the cell around it , thus help identify the leukemia .
( long ago , do n't know what they do on that now.)
thus , i might like a republican , but would worry about the administration that came along with him or her .
i end with say i 'm not all so happy about the " company obama keep " either .
i convince her , but my conviction on this be shallow .
she and i be both in despair about obama for reason already well discuss on a2k re his get along mode .
i 'm not sure she be as trouble by u.s. action around the world as i be , but i think so .
i 'm interested in third party maverick , but have trouble envision how that would work out even if i approve of the candidate .
could gary johnson work out ?
huntsman as an independent ?
or , get elect in the first place ?
given a republican in office , one of those in the present batch of candidate , i have more trouble not see thing get worse in some ugly way re the economy and how life would work for the struggle with little income .
i 've despair with president before , though .
so , let say a republican be elect - i can imagine increase polarization in the citizenry as an outcome .
it might result in real change - but in just what way ?
you sound like you 'd rather see that than put up with dem mediocrity any further .
on that , i both see your point and am not there yet myself .
why , i 'll say i fear thing be worse ( to me ) for a while might spiral out of control .
here 's a funny one : when i get a job work for the local college i have to show my birth certificate before they would hire me .
mine have be mislay and i 'd ask if there be any way i could work in lieu of find it , but they say : no they would not hire me without a birth certificate .
but barack obama have yet to produce a valid birth certificate and be no president of the unite state .
not only do it take less paperwork to become president of the unite state than a tutor at a local college , but the us constitution require the president must be a natural born citizen !
without require proof of birth we have waive this constitutional requirement .
@muarck , note : this be not conservative or republican agenda .
i 'm a democrat who vote hillary clinton .
this be just about gross violation of the u.s. constitution .
who be you try to fool ?
obama produce a valid birth certificate .
it be verify by the state of hawaii .
it 's be uphold in numerous court proceeding .
it 's be investigate by just about every news organization out there .
but you do n't have an agenda , yeah right .
a certify copy of a birth certificate issue by the state of birth be valid legal proof of birth , acceptable in a court of law .
no one get their original certificate of birth .
those always stay on file in wherever the state keep their vital record .
obama have show a certified copy .
it 's be examine several time and declare valid .
the state of hawaii have verify the original .
give it up . he 's legal
accord to the ap....here 's a local link
i 've be wonder when that 'd be call !
cnn have both missouri and nc at " 100 % report " but they 're still not colored in .
i be shock that this happen .
i be not unhappy but i be shock .
the tension and animosity on the street in nc be palpable .
i 've be threaten physically twice....like i give a shit....
i do tend to stir the pot i realize .
last night at my gig some drunk late night be discuss what to call obama...bandying the usual right wing talk around and i say " i suggest you call him the motherfucking president elect ".
he be n't sure what to say in response to that so he pay his tab and leave
after last night 's event in brussels , it 's clear that the uk do n't want to be a part of the europe ( or just the eu ? ) anymore .
the continent can cope without the british .
but can the uk go to a prosperous future without the euro , without the continent ?
what alliance be now possible ? just the usa , or the a re @-@ organised commonwealth ?
where will be the future place of this country among europe , russia , china , the usa ?
the uk have say " bye , bye europe ".
i hope they know the mean of " auf wiedersehen "!
@walter hinteler , i can n't remember where i read the analysis , but the conclusion which make sense to me be that currency boundary ultimately imply federal boundary .
to be anthropomorphic , the " uk psyche " resist federal union with europe as evidence by their original reluctance to join the eurozone .
this latest decision be symptomatic of that resistance but economic event will ultimately decide whether " resistance be futile ".
it 's also a sovereignty issue -- and sovereignty be something which the eu have never effectively address .
ever crucial issue be put up for a plebecite , or a vote by nation -- and the population of one or more country , or the government of one of more country , torpedo the deal .
as a " union , " it 's farcical .
not too long ago , when barack obama campaign for the presidency , he be all about human right .
and man do he chastise the republican ' approach to them .
time and time again , obama emphasize ( and i 'm quote from memory here ) that under his rule america would n't lead the world through the example of its power , but through the power of its example .
one of his first act as president be to announce the shutdown of the prison camp at guantanamo bay , which have come to symbolize the bush administration 's fast , loose , and secretive approach to human right .
last week , the obama administration have a perfect opportunity to act on its rhetoric , to set an example of america 's new spirit , to specifically deliver  change we can believe in .
to understand this opportunity , you have to remember that guantanamo bay be just the tip of the iceberg .
the rest of the iceberg , hide underneath the waterline from public scrutiny and media symbolism , exist a system of cia prison in foreign country .
when the cia suspect people of connection to terrorism , it snatch them off the street wherever they live , fly them to those secret prison , and interrogate them .
credible report allege that the cia use torture to extract information from them .
( i 've write about one of the victim a little over three year ago ) .
when some of the victim be try to pursue their case in federal court , the bush administration try to throw out their case on a theory about government secret .
obama , consistent with the rest of his human right rhetoric , sharply criticize bush for it .
but now that bush 's secrecy theory be before an appeal court , obama be change his mind .
without qualification , he be now stick to the bush position that torture victim cannot sue the cia , because the torture be a state secret .
 change we can believe in ?
yeah right .
that be so a year ago !
it 's what most politician would do...but still...sigh .
the hell of it be to whom do we turn .
the bush and regan policy that have put us in this position ?
we all vote for obama because of these policy but where do we turn to really gain a government of the people for all the people .
democrat , republican , all i see be crook politician who be only interested in thier own gain and screw the rest of us .
well it be n't just campaign promise , he repeat it in his inauguration , when he already have the presidency in hand .
" we reject as false the choice between our safety and our ideal ."
apparently he be miss some qualifier , so i 'll fix it for him :
" we sometimes reject as false the choice between our safety and our ideal when it be politically convenient ."
yeah , i just see this for the first time too .
do n't look good , but i do n't know anything beyond what 's here .
thomas -- when 's the last time you see me say anything about obama , yay or boo ?
i 'm still in politics detox mode and still just not follow this stuff .
also just plain not on a2k much .
this happen to be recently reply to when i check in just now .
i wonder which couple of year he be referring to .
the power of propaganda .
even half @-@ way intelligent people just automatically repeat this propaganda that 's be drive into their head .
interest use of subject @/@ object pronoun .
i have be busy the last few day .
today be the first i hear about the story on npr .
i admit i do n't know the fact but on it 's face i disagree with the decision .
it 's 4 day old ?
it certainly have n't make it into my paper unless i skim over it .
gush like teenager about their first crush ? i do n't gush thomas .
this be n't really an endorsement of torture and rendition , be it ?
with nothing to go on except the link to the nyt article , it look more like there be n't go to be legal action against cia and the unnamed boeing subsidiary for activity they be assure be legal at the time .
i never feel oblige to report every screwup make by the previous administration .
there be so many better qualify people to handle that .
i 'm very close to break point ,
i 've love the same girl for about six year .
i 've kept it to myself forever , then tell a friend a few month ago cause i just could n't cope anymore .
then a week 1 @/@ 2 ago , i declare my love for the girl in a text when i be drunk .
she eventually reply a couple of day later be unbelievably kind about it , which have really just make me fall even deeper ( if this be possible ) .
i tell her she would n't hear from me for a while , you know , so i can attempt to move on .
so now i 'm at the start of the move on phase , but i 'm just stuck .
i cut off most of my hair and i 've start exercise and change my diet to try to alter the chemical in my body to make me feel better that way , but do n't seem to be work , i 'm still miserable .
a song about love will come on my itunes ( pretty much every song in the world ) or a song that remind me of her , and i 'll just break down .
i feel like just drop out of uni and get on a flight to australia and never come back .
during a really low point last week i cut myself ( which i have n't do in year ) just because i have so much pent @-@ up emotion , i have to let it out somehow .
i really do n't know what to do or how to help myself be happy again .
people say time be a healer but i do n't know if i 'll be able to hold out that long !
find activity to occupy your time .
there have to be something you really enjoy do ?
set some goal for yourself . i.e.:
- go to the gym 5 time a week for an hour a day .
- read x book in a month .
- platinum all the god of war game .
- meet one new person a day and engage in a meaningful conversation .
- learn a new skill ( could be play an instrument , draw , try a new sport , web design , etc.).
just some example .
find an activity you like , set some goal , stick to them .
the key be to occupy yourself and meet new people .
maybe make a new playlist on itunes for starter , with happy music . ' don't stop ' by fleetwood mac , etc.
thing that do n't make you think of her .
try , like /\ /\ suggest , get a hobby , go to the gym etc.
it won't be easy , but it 's just one of these thing in life .
try count all the thing that you do have in life ,
sure you might not have her , but i 'm sure you have a number of other thing .
you 're in uni arn't you ? ?
well , a large percentage of the population do n't have that , and i 'm sure you can finish the list .
it might seem impossible at the moment , but pick yourself up and live life with as much energy as you can .
talk to people on here be always a place to start , have make some wonderful friend on here
turn to religion .
when i be in your exact same position i turn to religion and islam have work very well boost up my self @-@ content .
i really like this girl and she 's in a few of my class at university .
everytime i look at her i find her look banck at me .
regardless i do n't know her that well but i fancy her a lot .
i be go to ask her out but for the past few week i 've be wait for the right time ( which never come , partly coz i 'm scared ) .
but be valentine day , should i ask her out and give her a card , or would that be cheesy .
maybe i should just wait for valentine to go .
i see her tomorrow and i could approach her .
i sometimes worry what her mate will think of me , i do n't know i 'm nervous but it have to be do so i can move on i guess
forget about the friend ; if she 's a nice girl , go for it !
be casual , as you run the risk of come on too strong if you do anything seriously valentine 's @-@ y .
i would suggest wait until thursday or so ( let the v @-@ day aura float by a bit ) , and then ask her if she 's get plan sunday afternoon for coffee .
low pressure , maximum talk time .
good luck !
well , in my estimation , while it be " romantic " to ask on valentine 's day , it 's also high @-@ pressure .
it 's your decision , obviously .
either way , coffee date ( or something similar.)
and do ask !
ask as soon as you can manage to get it off your chest .
ask my girlfriend what fantasy she want to indulge in , turn out she want to have a threesome with a lesbian @/@ bi friend of hers that 's want to **** her for age .
and yes the third party be fit and have let my gf touch her before .
my girlfriend be straight but she get a kick out of pleasuring people , if that make sense .
i 'm really kind of split on the issue tbh , i do n't have much experience with this sort of thing , if i be in a no @-@ string relationship they would be no stop me , but i can n't help feel that go through with it would spoil thing between us .
but then again we 're young and it be something i 'd like to kick off the bucket list , as it be .
anyone have any experience with this before ?
good or bad ?
what should i look out for/ be careful of , really do n't want to ruin thing with my girlfriend , but the idea of a threesome be thrill , not gunna lie .
not really , threesome in relationship can really cause issue ,
not to mention the reality be oft very different from the fantasy .
im sexually open mind but theres no way id share my gf with a boy or girl .
if im single yeah sure , attach no way .
if my gf suggest it id tell her no , straight out .
sorry but i dont share .
oh and ive have threesome before someone say it - both mmf and ffm
if you be n't plan on be with this girl forever then go for it .
if you 're engage or some **** then best not to .
if her friend have want to ' f**k her for age ' i doubt it will end well
apparentley threesome can really ruin relationship , as they can make people insecure and unconfident .
fantasy be sometimes better than reality .
if you have any insecurities at all , then i would recommend you not do it .
like people have say , in theory , it 's great .
in reality , thing be a lot more complicated .
i 've be with my girlfriend for well over a year now , and i 'm quite selfless towards her .
i do everything i can to make her life easier and better , and we both love each other .
it mean that i spend generously if need and put a lot of time and effort into the relationship .
however , the other night , i bring up " the future ".
as in , think about where we 'd be a couple year from now and how serious she be about stay with me .
turn out , that she do n't really like me that much when we start date and she be just see how thing go ( although now she say she be very happy , but surprise , that she have stay with me this long ) .
i ask her what she think about where we 'd be and she say she do n't want to think about that , and that i should be happy about the experience we 've have ( which i be ) .
my issue be that , should i continue put so much effort into her if it just seem like i 'm " what 's good right now " for her , although it seem as if she do n't want to make any plan or even hope to stay together for a long time .
it just seem unfair that i 'm put in a lot more effort into this relationship and that if we do break up , she 'd have gain a lot more than i do as a result .
any thought ?
in your situation i would say enjoy the moment you 're in now .
currently i 'm on the fence in regard to get more serious with a guy who be technically still marry , have two children and have openly tell me do not want to get marry again or have any more kid .
if you ever find yourself in a situation like this think about the future early on be a must in my opinion because there be a lot more at stake .
my boyfriend have one of those job where he 's on call a lot .
this year he 's on call for our anniversary .
this happen a lot .
he say we 'll not make reservation but we will make plan etc but not to bank on it .
i 'm not angry at him @- i 'm in uni and i know how it be for thing to change suddenly .
but i need to find a way to cope with this .
if i get all dress up and sit wait , he often text me say he have to cancel .
the disappointment be horrible .
if i do n't get ready , he come home and i 'm in my pjyamas , not shower or ready in anyway .
it ruin the night because i have to run around and get ready and i do n't get to do any of the thing i want to .
be there anyway to
bless you i know where you 're come from .
my boyfriend be a bobby so he often have to stay late because of a job , he 's be hour and hour before get back .
it make it harder because we 're in an ldr so we have little time together anyway and with me at uni and him with only two day off a week now in comparision to the three @/@ four it 's hard .
i do n't think you can not get disappoint .
the job demand it .
i realise that and sound like you do too but it do n't make it any easier .
it 's just something we have to deal with .
value the moment you do get to spend together , try not to plan thing in advance if thing be likely to cancel but be prepare for a bit of spontaneity , maybe have an outfit already in your head you could wear at last minute ?
it 's frustrate , you 're not alone in feel the way you do .
i 'm study abroad for a year and my boyfriend be go to come visit me a few time time .
should i pay for some/half/any of his plane ticket ?
i feel bad when i have all this spare loan money and he 's have to save up for week to come see me , which be something we both want .
what do i do ?
i 'd discuss it with him -
i do n't do abroad , but when my ex and i be apart he 'd pay for his ticket and i 'd pay for everything whilst he be stay at mine -@ food , transport etc ( when he let me anyway ) .
so really it depends on how much the ticket be cost .
i guess as he 's have to save up that live cost wont cover it .
i 'd suggest either half , or if it make him feel less bad about it , alternate - so he pay for the first trip , you pay for the second etc.
when i live abroad my boyfriend at the time would pay for his flight
( they be n't much luckily ) and i would pay for most of the stuff when he be there ; eat out...etc .
so my life 's be quiet now for a pretty long length of time...
i'v have the occasion of see guy , but it never end good or last long .
since november last year i havn't be in a proper relationship and life 's get a bit too quiet for my like .
i can n't seem to meet any new genuine guy .
their all ' manwhores ' to put it bluntly .
some that i meet , i 'll be physically attract to them..but they have no personality to them..you could say their like male barbie doll .
however , some i will meet who have such a lovely personality , but i wont be attract to them physically .
i can n't seem to find someone with that ' connection ' if you know what i 'm say .
im start to feel like it 's me who be the problem .
i can n't seem to find anyone who be n't just interested in sex...
advice please ! ?
use your gold digger ability and find a rich man .
meh i have the same problem just in reverse .
it do get a bit demoralising sometimes when everyone around you be in a relationship , especially now which be probably the worst time of year to be single .
i would n't blame yourself though , you probably just have n't have an opportunity come along .
i 've meet plenty of nice girl at uni but it take a lot for me to actually develop feeling for someone , and i can n't say i 've meet anyone who i genuinely have feeling for .
i 'd rather wait until i do then find a girlfriend for the sake of it - try and think of thing that way ?
just have to keep put yourself out there i guess , if you 're constantly meet new people or get better acquainted with people you already know , an opportunity will come up eventually .
theres a fair chance you 've catch someones eye already and they 're keep quiet about it
so me and my ex broke up about 2 and a half month ago .
do n't know how it all happen but she say she 'd like to see me during the christmas holiday .
now i have this weird thing go on with this breakup.. for the first 2 week i feel totally heartbroken , then i be get on good for a while , then go back to be really sad , etc.
before i come back i feel like i be over it ; then i come back , and suddenly , yet again feel unhappy .
it 's really goddamn annoy .
either way , from what i 've heard , she be n't really the same kind of person she be when we be together ( in a good way for me ; apparently like the kind of girl i 'm not interested in ) , so meet with her might totally kill whatever residual feeling there be and i can get on with my life .
or it won't work and i 'll spiral back into sadness .
or we may get back together , since she tell me she might feel differently in the future . ( ie , want me back , after a break that 's less ' stressful '; not that we ever have a stressful time.. ) .
i do n't think this be ideal , but i 'm an idiot . i know i still feel kind of possessive over her..
i hate the thought of her with another guy .
so should i meet with her ? or not ? or delete her out of my life entirely ? or what..
depending on what you want .
if you want her back , do it .
if you want to be over her , do n't go .
i would say 90 % chance that will end up feel even more sad than you be if you go see her , coz feel do n't just die in 2 month ( unless there be nothing at the start ) .
i meet up with my ex after 2 year of no contact at all and still feeling come back .
so yeah , do n't fool yourself . whatever that girl be do now be probably just a pretend , try to move on , be a change person , ect ect .
do n't expect to feel nothing when you see her .
ok its very important to know this quote : " once a girl leave her boyfriend , the only reason she might wanna be back be to hurt her bf "
dude , do n't meet up with her even if you love her to death because once you have break up , there be no way back and all this meet will do to you be to make you feel upset afterwards .
i be in the similar situation couple of momth ago and i just keep this girl away from me and you ought to do the same since once something be over , then it be over
i really need advice .
me and my boyfriend start date when we be 16 , and we 're now at uni still go out .
he 's always be the sweetest guy , i mean really nice and funny but these past few month thing have change .
he 's have problem at home lately , and thing have be really tough for him .
im surprise how well he deal with it all .
but recently i 've learnt not to bring it up in conversation or he 'll get really angry about it .
i do n't want to go into detail but lately he 's be get agry at the slightest thing , and if i can n't calm him down he 'll get violent especially after a drink .
he 'll always laugh it off afterwards as if he didnt mean it , and i know he doesnt because he be a good guy .
i 've try talk to him about it several time , tell him i 'll leave him if he do it again but it hasnt stop , and he have such a hold on me i dont think i could never leave him .
im so emotionally drain and dont want any friend to know because they 'll just think bad of him , when really he be good deep down .
sorry for the ramble , i just need to get that out .
i 'm post anonymously because what i be go to say be very personal .
just over two year ago my girlfriend step @-@ father be hurt her mum .
my girlfriend go to help her mum and in turn be hit over the head by a glass bottle . as you might expect the police be call and the prick be arrest .
he appear in court the next day and plead not @-@ guilty to assault her mum and assault her to her injury ( serious assault in scotland ) .
now this be where my story get really sick .
i type this and i be full of rage .
my girlfriend mum write to the court and ask for her husband bail condition to be drop as well as for the charge to be drop .
she tell the court not to write to her at her own address or phone her home - this stopped my girlfriend from find out what her mum be up to .
in scotland , domestic abuse charge be not drop if a victim request for them to be drop .
though the bail condition be drop by the high court in edinburgh - this allow the cowardly little prick to contact my girlfriend , her mum and enter the family home .
we find this out on december 23 rd 2009 at about 7.30pm when her mum phone her to say her husband be back in the house and want to talk about what happen .
we phone the police because as far as we be aware bail condition be still in place .
there be nothing they could do .
her mum kick her out on christmas eve 2009 to allow the prick to stay .
i be rage .
see my girlfriend in tear at 16 year old be absolutely heart @-@ break for me .
i do not know how to help but all i do be worry and worry .
my behaviour start to change , i have recently start a career in the merchant navy but due to stress i start to develop problem .
i be eventually referred to a psychologist by my gp to deal with anxiety .
when the case go to trial , her mother lie and say my girlfriend attack him .
the **** be find not @-@ guilty .
my girlfriend be heart break .
i lose it , i go absolutely crazy .
if my mum have not calm me down then i would be in prison just now .
two year on and my girlfriend have forgive her mum .
they live in a flat and the mum disappear at the weekend - 10 point if you can guess who she go to see .
i have not forgive her mum .
i do not visit the flat when her mum be in .
i have have argument with her mum where i have say some absolutely vile thing which i be not in the least bit proud about .
i have ask my girlfriend to stay with her dad as i still worry .
basically me not like her mum affect our relationship a little bit - if we be ever to take the next step and eventually get marry then i do not know how we would do it , though my girlfriend assure me that we would manage somehow .
i still think about the incident a lot .
what i be try to say be that domestic abuse do not just affect you - it will affect everyone you care about .
please take what i have say to heart and leave this guy .
been with a guy for over 3 year .
he 's be act really weird recently .
he have n't pick up literally 7 @/@ 8 of my call .
have n't return any text either .
i do get to speak to him the last time i ring him ( after him blanking 7 @/@ 8 call ) and i ask him what 's up but he do n't tell me ( this be over a month ago ) .
the fact that its a long distance relationship do n't make it any better .
he do this before once two year ago as well over nothing but i can n't really remember how it proceeded...i guess he just gradually start call again .
apart from this , we have have a very love and almost perfect relationship .
i 'm start to lose trust in him now .
i do n't know if i 'm overreacting , but i just feel really hurt about the way he 's neglect me again and i 'm literally cry as i write this .
i let him get away with it last time but i 've have enough .
i do n't know what i aim to achieve write this on a student forum , but any idea on what should i do ? be it worth end the relationship ?
i do n't wanna ring him any more because i feel insult that he just casually blank my call .
and ask him do n't help either since he 's not gunna tell me .
hmm...good few issue here .
personally , i do n't think long @-@ distant relationship would be successful .
the play hard to get , in reflection to what others have say , be clearly not to way to go , since you 're already live far from each other already .
i think that there 's a range of possibility as to why he 's act this way :
1 ) he 's get something to hide .
if you 're say he act this way before about 2 year ago and then perfectly fine later on , there 's clearly something go on in his mind .
i do n't know if that 's cheat or if there 's something else , but there 's clearly something he 's not share with you
2 ) he 's feed up with the relationship .
3 ) he 's autonomous and need a lot of space .
i 'm exactly the same .
even if it 's a long distant relationship , sometimes receive phonecall ( depending on how often you 'd call him ) could actually affect his perception on how he feel about the relationship .
i think if you be to give him a ' taste of his own medicine ' then effectively you might receive the response you 're expect but i think what 's miss here most be communication .
when you see him next time , do n't criticise or start questioning him .
just express your worry to him and maybe you 'll get something out of him .
edit : i do n't understand the neg .
ok so i be female and like male , always have , obsess with a few male celebs and see myself wth guy .
however occassionally i seem to have feeling for older female but i 'm not sure if they be like sexual feeling and it 's quite confuse .
for the first time there be a female who i like whos quite a bit older and i definitely have feeling .
i know that she be n't straight .
i deliberately try to talk to her and spend time with her even though shes clearly quite a bit older .
perhaps they be more feeling because i look up to the person ?
i 'm really not sure , do anyone have any idea ?
what do this mean ?
it seem strange when i be physically attract to men ?
if you 're physically attract to men and you 're not sexually arouse by her , i 'd say you have your answer there it might be that you get nervous and your heart beat faster because you be anxious to please her , or her opinion of you matter to you ?
if you scour the forum and do a search , you 'll see that you 're not the only one who have ever feel like this about a teacher of the same gender .
i use to - in fact , still ! - attach to female teacher and tutor a lot .
my counsellor have great fun dissect it and tell me how i 'm sexually attract to mother figure , but he be just an arse
i be n't in a relationship with this guy but we 've be see each other .
in first year we be always together in the same group of friends..
it be fine .
now in second year , he 's decide he do n't want to see me anymore .
he want to be ' friend '.
but i know he do n't really want to be friend at all .
i think he 's get someone else.. and that 's why he 's finish it but i do n't really care that he 's finish it .
what i do care about be that i 've be completely cut out .
he life in the same place as me and have n't speak to me once since .
i 've be cut out of night out , get togethers.. etc all because i 'm not see him anymore .
this really upset me , i want to be friend with him and i 'm willing to be but he seem to have cut me out so now i 'm not see other people either
really hate it .
what can i do/say ?
other people have cut me out because i 'm not with him anymore either !
this be what you do :
in future you make your own friend , not someone elses .
this be what you say :
oh well , life 's not over .
my ex cut me out as soon as he get a new gf even though he promise to be friend , and that be 2 month ago
so my best piece of advice be try to move on
its bloody hurtful and hard
at first i spend the first 5 week cryingmy eye out not sleep , then it end up that i feel i have do something wrong and therefore he dump me
he let me blame myself and for week i keep think what if i have say this or done that , and then i find out him and his new gf be togther behind my back and i be nothing to do with it , .
so i think if you have like one other friend go out with them , maybe get a job or hobby and meet new people show him you dont care these boy love to think we be sit at home wait for their text which we might be but they cant know that
i have never do something like this before , but i have nobody to ask/ talk to for advice as i cant tell anybody i know
my ex boyfriend have be with me for about 7 month when he go to uni he cheat on me and dump me .
he be now in a official relationship with the girl he cheat on me with , becuase of this we have no speak since he dump me 2 month ago
it be a very very very bad break up
however when we do break up i be a bit of a idiot and beg him not to leave me becuase i be in love with him ,
however ive be feel ill for a few week and go i go to the doctor she say im potentially pregnant .
im freak out
yes i need to do a test but i dont know when as i cant let anybody find out ,
also i feel i cant tell nmy ex as he think everything i do be for his attention to gain him back ,
if i tell him i might be pregnant he willl assume im lie to break up him and his new gf which im not but i dont know what to do
im scare and i dont know how i can tell hiim without him accuse me of be a liar .
she say you 're " potentially pregnant "?
what kind of a doctor would say that without give you a test ?
do a test and get it all over and done with
how about you do a test first and then think of the how to approach it ?
...take it from one who know , no doctor be go to tell you that you might be pregnant , and then send you home to deal with it .
i do n't understand why you have n't do a pregnancy test .
they only cost about 3 or so .
get on and do it and then sort yourself out .
go straight to the doctor .
like get up and go now .
they 'll give you another test just to make sure ( however pregnancy test be rarely wrong when they read positive ) .
they will discuss your option with you and probably direct you towards some people who can give you counsel if you ask .
your option be obviously : termination , continue with pregnancy and have the child adopt , continue with pregnancy and keep the child .
first off , it 's best that i explain that i 've barely any experience with girl .
i 'm in my second year of uni and i , um , ' open my account ' in the sexual world the other night with a girl at my student union .
we 've meet a few time before and have quite a few mutual friend , so she be n't a complete strange .
went back to hers for the night ( she choose that location because she have lecture the follow morning ) and think i handle the actual sex relatively well...
the problem i have lie in the aftermath .
i can be pretty insecure at time ( it 's a wonder i actually make it back to hers , because i be worry i be impose too much ) , and when i wake up i panic and say i have to go and get some work done ( which i genuinely do , although think back on it , it be a weak reason to leave ) .
she decide not to go in for her lecture ( which i eventually realised be probably a hint for me to stay for a bit ) and we have a pretty friendly chat whilst i collect my phone , key etc. together .
she even ask if i want her to come back to mine , but i refuse and say something stupid like ' nah it 's okay , have a lie in ', which i 've be kick myself for .
i just get myself into a panic and have a mental block .
so i leave , and sent her a light @-@ hearted text a couple of hour later apologising for leave so hastily and hope that she have a good night... and do n't get a response .
from here , i do n't know where to go .
to her , i probably come off as someone who do this all the time , and she be just one girl on a list of dozen i 've have one night stand with .
i just feel like i be a bit clinical and almost rude , especially with her ask if i want her to come back with me .
all i want to do now be somehow show her that i 'm not an absolute prick , without seem too desperate or clingy .
i realise the error of my way , and have beat myself up over it massively ever since i leave hers...
i do n't think it 's a completely irretrievable situation , because she 's genuinely a lovely girl , and i reckon i can convince her i 'm not the womanising idiot she ( probably ) think i am... but my lack of experience with girl leave me with no idea what to do .
help , please ! ?!?
i see what you mean .
i 'd suggest give her another text ask perhaps to meet up - cinema , dvd , or grab a coffee @/@ lunch before lecture or something .
if she ignore this too then just move on to the next
then again , she mightn't want anything serious , so just go slow .
just text her and invite her to go out .
to clarify be you just look to ' have fun ' with the girl , or be you cool with the idea of go a little serious ?
i get the impression she like you and be maybe look for something a little bit serious than occasional banging..
i 'm not really sure , to be honest .
i kinda wanna take it one step at a time .
ask her out for a cuppa could be a good idea , although i do n't want to do that just as a way of say sorry .
i 'd rather clear the air first and show her that i know i make a mistake before get into anything else with her .
you complete bloody numpty
you have learn a valuable lesson
i 'm scared as to how he might react and it 's be 4 week and i 've still not find the perfect moment to tell him .
also i 'm afraid what if he do n't want to keep it when i really do .
although he 's a couple of year older than me ( 19 ) , he can act really immature , aggressive , and violent at time .
my parent have come to term with it now after have little mini heart attack , it 's just how can i break it to him ?
i think you should break it to him gentally .
make sure your have a proper convo like one on one and eye contact , then break it to him .
remember it will be a shock to him but hopefully in the end he will pull though and surport you .
i do n't think there be a way to tell him other than just be straight to the point .
regardless of his reaction or personal feeling about pregnancy or abortion , he have a right to know .
talk to him about what you want to do and what he would like to happen .
if you agree , great . if you can n't then talk to your parent might be the next best thing .
well he ask you to get the morning after pill , do you say you would ?
if you agree to take the morning after pill but do n't then that 's quite unfair and he will be annoy .
it 's obvious he do n't want a baby because he be use contraception and even though it fail he do say he want you to take the morning after pill , so do n't be surprise if he do a runner .
you just have to be honest with him and hopefully he will take care of his responsibility .
you say your mum know ?
well break the news with her by your side then , hopefully your boyfriend won't get violent or anything .
give him time to digest the information .
it will come as a shock , particularly if you think you 'd play it safe .
i know you say you do n't think you could have an abortion , but it 's important to talk thing through with him and decide what 's best to do for both of you and , most importantly , for the baby .
yeah i 'll tell you guy tomorrow i 'm just afraid as he 's prone to act violent at time .
+ he tell me to take the pill and i do n't and he 's gonna be like ' wtf there 's no way i can support a child at 19 and that you should n't be have a kid as you 're not even 18 yet blah blah blah '...
so i 'll just tell him he do n't have to be involve with our child financially and i just want him to be there for it as a fatherly figure ( which i doubt he can commit to ) as my parent can support us anyways .
this be go to sound harsh and i understand it be your body , but i be go to be brutally honest .
get an abortion .
firstly , you may want to keep it , but think about it in the long run .
what kind of life will the baby live ?
you be still a kid yourself , around 16 @/@ 17 i would assume .
i doubt you will be able to give it a good life .
also your boyfriend .
i doubt he will be happy and most of the time , boy in this situation will bail .
he be 19 , i doubt he have any long term plan to stay with you .
by keep the baby you be pretty much be selfish .
yeah its your body , but there be 2 people you need to think about :
1. the baby . i can almost guarantee you will not be able to give the baby a good life because of how young you be , and i doubt the father will stay .
2. your boyfreind . he be 19 , you be drag him down for life at such a young age by keep it .
actually 3 people .
yourself . you may end up regret it in the long run .
have a baby be a huge responsibility .
this be child have children .
do everyone a favor and have an abortion .
harsh but true .
you will just end up add to the long and miserable statistic .
edit : cant believe i be actually negged for this . truth ****ing hurt .
i 'm confuse , i love him or i think i do so why am i turn off him now ?
he admit to me that he be bisexual we be talk about ex 's and he tell me about one ex who be another guy .
i be shock and ask him why he do n't tell me before , he say he do n't see a reason to tell me because he like me a lot .
he should have tell me , i 'm turn off at the thought of him with other guy and be sexually attract to another guy .
will this feel go away or shall i break up ?
do n't feel guilty for feel like that .
nothing wrong with be bi , but just as bi 's have a taste for guy and girl , some people do n't have a taste for bi 's , if you know what i mean ?
if you 're really into him stick around , maybe it 's just the shock that 's make you feel this way .
maybe wait a few day and see how the news settle with you before make a decision ?
everyone have a past , to judge him on his would be unfair if you love him .
but if it turn you off or you can n't come to term with it then its probably best to break it off .
either way , give yourself a few day to think about it first if you 're not sure .
i 've suffer with excess body hair since i be young , and i be bully because of it through primary @/@ secondary school and now be unable to wear tshirts etc in public because of how paranoid i be about it .
i go to the doctor because of it when i be around 11 , and they do a blood test but it come back normal so i assume i do n't have pcos .
i have very hairy arm for a girl , not thick hair like a male but lot of very noticable , dark and long ( i bleach regularly but it only last a day or two before the root be noticable ) .
i have never shave them because i shave my leg and get terrible ingrown hair , even though i moisturise @/@ exfoliate etc.
i 've try wax but it only last 2 day before the hair begin to grow back , so it 's really not worth it .
anyway i check out review and after shop around i decide to get the 350 boot smooth skin plus intense pulse light permanent hair reduction machine .
the review be on the whole very good , it come with 20,000 flash ( it take between 70 @-@ 100 flash to do my arm each time i think ) and you need applicator gel which be 3 .
it appear to do exactly the same thing as you would get in a laser clinic , but cheaper and mean i will be able to target any miss hair you might get go to a clinic and it 's obviously private/convenient .
the sale assistant in boot be very helpful , and assure me i could get a no @-@ quibble refund if i find it do n't work but she assure me it will .
i 'm go to use it on my arm first of all , because this be the area that affect me the most confidence wise , but will gradually move on to other area .
for permanent hair reduction i will need to use the machine once a week for between 6 @-@ 12 week ( although i will probably need 12 week ! ) and will start use it tonight .
i 'm quite sceptical over whether it will work but because i 'm confident i can return it , i think it be worth the risk .
i know other girl on here have the same issue with excess body hair , so will monitor the hair reduction over the 12 week course to let you know how it go incase anyone else be think of buy one
week 1: shave my arm and zap them today , do it in two separate go ( take around 30 mins to do each arm ) and my sister do them for me just because certain angle be tricky to get to .
on a pain scale i 'd give it 2 @/@ 10 ( just feel like a hot , tingle sensation for about 1 second then fade ) .
will update what the regrowth be like next saturday .
week 2: had to shave my arm again last night all over , hair regrowth not as course or fast as expect but still widespread .
just finish zap them again but this time do it myself , find it to be much quicker .
i be think of buy one of these because i just think it would be the best thing ever to never have to shave my bikini area again !
let us know how you get on !
if this work well i would definitely buy one , i hate shave and my arm be quite hairy as well ( i do n't shave or bleach them but i be self conscious ) , so i 'd love to be hair free forever .
please let us know how you get on
thank for do this , op.
i 've be debate whether to get one of these machine too .
i really hope it work for you .
i hope it work too !
i suffer from excess body hair and would love for a machine that could get rid of it !
be there any way you can use this kind of thing on your face ?
i assume goggle would be necessary but it would be really nice if it be possible .
i have be look both at this and the phillips lumea , which be a little more expensive , but i keep think it 's too much of an expense for something that i 'm not 100 % sure will work .
look forward to hear what your result be like for this , as i 'd love to be able to buy something that would mean i would n't have to shave every two day in the summer !
without any cosmetic enhancement .
tip ? hint ?
in an ideal world i 'd like to hit a 8 @/@ 10 .
i ask this because i want to start ' mingle '.
i 'd like to look like ' something special ' for once .
style your hair and cloth help a lot .
a bit of make @-@ up , almost every girl wear make @-@ up .
some nice accessory would help too .
dye your hair a ridic colour .
wear really weird earring .
wear clash colour !
bright red ( or orange , or any colour , if you 're confident enough ) lippy .
im really pale and sick of use fake tan...coming out patchy and smell like curry be awful !
i have load of freckle over my body so it doesnt even look nice natural !
i want to start use sunbeds...not to often but just to build a nice natural tan !
but when i go on holiday i burn really easily so i be wonder whether i would burn if i go on the sunbeds or if i build it up it would be gradually get my skin to go tan ?
do n't use sunbeds .
pale freckly skin be lovely , and sunbeds be really dangerous and just not good for you .
sunbeds be very dangerous , especially with regular use and for people with naturally pale complexion , and you say you have ' freckle ' all over your body .
some of these may be mole and so it 's just not safe .
invest in a proffessional fake spray tan - there be more and more salon .
or just be pale and beautiful as i be
i be so confuse and annoy !
my mac nc55 studio fix fluid be perfect for my face a couple of month ago but now my face look dull and...muddy/ashy ?
also my face and chest have a ridiculous colour difference .
i googled nc45 just now and the girl actually look around my skin tone :/
be it possible to go from nc55 to nc45?
my problem be where i should match my foundation to .
my face be medium , my neck slightly dark and my chest so pale ( compare to face and arm ) it 's unbelieveable .
i would actually call my chest an nc 44 .
so what do i do ?
i feel i would look ghostly if i use nc45 but then my chest and face would be the same , help !
yes i have to different mac foundation because my skin change all the time .
i would suggest go to the counter and ask them to match you again .
someone say that nw30 @/@ 35 be meant to be a good shade for ( brown/black ) people who find themselves change shade
if you match it to your chest would n't your neck look weird though ?
i would always say to match to your face as your natural colour will always suit you best .
i 'm very pale caucasian and my chest be dark than my face , if i be to match to my chest i 'd just look a bit mucky , like i have n't wash in week , and i think that if your foundation do n't completely blend into your natural skintone along your jawline you can look like you 're wear a mask .
i recommend get colour matched to your jawline and then adjust with bronzers/highlighters .
i get my nose pierce a couple of week ago with a stud .
it 's not a bone so it be literally just a stud , similar to earring .
because of this be fall out all the time as theres nothing inside to keep it in place .
i want to change to an l @-@ shape stud , but i 'm worry it won't go in easily because i 've have it pierce with a straight stud .
any advice ?
why the hell do they pierce you with a straight stud ?
go back to the piercer and ask for it to be change or find a piercer who will , they should be able to swap it without any fuss .
i have mine pierce with a straight stud , it be flip awkward .
do n't do what i do though , and change it before the 6 week or whatever , as you will probably get an infection which come up as a nasty wart thing on your nose . d :
the l @-@ shape stud be different to put in to the straight one , but if you get the technique right , once you do it correctly , you can do it again .
you put the first bit of the l shape in the hole , make sure you can feel the tip of the end on the inside of your nose .
then press firmly , twist slightly upwards and it should slide in .
if you still have trouble , just go see the piercer and they 'll put it in for you
i notice i be get these permanent forehead line and that my face be a bit dry .
i decide to use some moisturizer and its help .
do many other guy choose to moisturize ?
i use clarins for men :-)
the daily wash on my face , the exfoliating scrub twice a week , and the anti @-@ shine moisturiser on a daily basis ( at least ) .
i have try the cheaper brand , loreal and nivea , and i think they make my skin feel worse .
i use cheap generic moisturiser after shave because my skin get dry and sometimes tender after shave .
i only do it after a shave because otherwise the facial hair stop it from melt into the skin properly .
any moisturiser label as ' aftershave balm ' or ' aftershave lotion ' or ' for men ' etc. be just a big rip off .
it be exactly the same stuff as cheap moisturiser but it be market towards meathead guy who think that moisturiser be ' liek so gay '.
nivea aftershave lotion be around 3 @-@ 5 for a tiny 100 ml bottle wheras you can get a big 500 ml bottle of generic stuff for about a pound that have exactly the same effect .
this be just the modern day version of the old ' mansize tissue ' market one @-@ two .
" oh , it have the word ' man ' in it so it be n't gay anymore "
i have grade 2 acne and it be particularly bad when i ' overwashed ' so i be compel to wash less and to start moisturising ( nivea : dry skin , after wash or shave ) in my late teens .
i also use moisturising shower gel or i get bacne , nice
result be my skin be smoother than it be on some teenage girl ! -
go down well with the lady and i look a lot young than my year , though that 's probably more to do with genetics eh
anyone else get one ?
i be very impress after last month batiste fiasco...
i get the ciate nail polish in kitten heel ilamasqua sheer lipgloss in explode nouveau strip lash weleda pomegranate regenerate body oil and xen @-@ tan deep bronze luxe .
what do you all think !
i think that be well worth 10 .
sound good .
i like the idea of the glossy box and be go to sign up a couple of month ago . but i be worry incase i end up with a load of stuff i just wont use .
the xen tan sound good !
i want to sign up but i 'm worry i 'll get a load of rubbish too :/
i try to order a maxi dress online last night from jane norman , but when i enter my detail , i be told the order have n't go through .
so i try inputting my detail twice more , to no avail....
so imagine my horror to see that i 'd be charge three time for an item that have n't go through ? !
have anyone be in a similar situation ?
if so , how do you resolve it ?
any help would be appreciate
i read here somewhere that jane norman have go bust ?
i do n't know if they be just close the store or both but i think you should see if they have a number you can call .
i would also call your bank .
i just shave all my hair off and i 'm feel good .
i think i might buy a lace front wig tomorrow though .
my hair be badly damage , it 's something that have to be do , it feel so weird .
i 've always want to do this but never have the courage .
congratulation !
i too would buy a lace front wig if i do it but they 're so damn expensive and time consume to put on .
i do not know whether to buy a foundation primer - they be very expensive , be almost the same price as the foundation ( for example laura mercier foundation primer ) .
are they actually worth it ?
do they make a real difference to your skin , or be it just a market ploy ?
do anyone have any they would recommend ?
thank you in advance !
they 're definitely worth it , but i do n't wear a primer every day so i suppose i 'm willing to pay a bit more for them .
i only really wear a primer if i 'm go out .
depends what your skin be like , really .
as a general rule , if your skin be n't totally perfect , or if it 's a bit oily , then a primer be go to make your foundation last a lot long and look a lot better .
i never use to use it , but in the last few week i 've really see a difference .
would you get , or do you know anybody who have get a harry potter tattoo anywhere on their body ?
if you 're confuse ( though i can n't see why you would be ) this be what i be talk about
and there be many , many more...
now , i be as much of a hp fan @-@ geek as the next person , but i would never dream of get a huge hp montage on my body .
imo , while i do love hp and have grow up with it etc. etc. , i know when i be 40+ year old i will look back upon the tattoo and wonder what make me decide to get it .
i can understand why people would want to get it do - it 's declaration of their love for hp and stuff , but i personally would n't ever get a harry potter tattoo .
some small quote @/@ symbol do n't look too bad , but that 's just because i can appreciate the sentiment behind it .
but , while i think they do look pretty cool on other people , i know it be just a phase for me and that 's why i would never have it do .
any think or opinion ?
have anyone actually have one done or be think about get one done ?
it 's your body , up to you what you put on it .
sure you will get some funny look and people will judge you .
kind of like those twighlight tattoo 's middle age women get , i find that more disturbing than young people get hp tattoo 's - they will probably look back when they be 30 @/@ 40 @/@ 50 and remember their childhood .
yet these people who get the tattoo 's aged 30+ already.... that 's another story .
yeah , i mean , it 's one thing to proclaim yourself as a fan of harry potter , and another thing entirely to parade around as poster for it
tbh , most of what people get be just for the sake of get a hp tattoo , not necessarily because of the mean or symbolism behind it...
never.. they do realise that in 50+ year time , they 're still go to have " expecto patronum " tattoo on them..?
imagine try to explain that to your children @/@ grandchildren " yes , i do get a tattoo of something from a fiction book..."
i would never get it myself , but i would definitely love to meet a person who would and be their friend lol....devotion to the next level
i wonder how outdate we will think harry potter be 50 year time
so after wear glass for about 10 year now , i think its finally time to get contact .
i would seriously appreciate some advise from people who use contact already plz ! !
so there be these asda one which seem to be quite cheap :
and in contrast there be these one that they sell @ vision express :
^^^ be almost double the price .
so my question be :
a ) mite sound a bit stupid but would my vision be better with the more expensive one ?
b ) are the daily one better than the weekly ( as they be cheaper )
c ) say if i do get weeklies/monthlies , can i sleep @/@ go to the shower with them ?
d ) finaly , which shop @/@ website do you recommend and some buy advise would be realy good plz ! !
i 'd recommend go to your optician first , you need to know your exact prescription , and whether anything else need to be look at , e.g. astigmatism , whether you 'd suit wet one or drier lens .
i prefer the daily one , as there 's no hassle of clean and store them .
you can shower in lens , but i would n't recommend sleep in them .
i 've do it a couple of time by accident , and i wake up in pain because they 'd move around back and sort of fold over under my eyelid .
i personally would n't go for the cheapest one .
my eye and my teeth be the only thing i do n't skimp on , because it 's so ridiculously expensive when thing go wrong with them that it 's just better to take very good care of them from the start .
hi all , essentially , i 'm look for a " cover @-@ up " ( for lack of a better word ) i can wear daily .
i be wonder be primer alone suitable for this ?
the thing be i do n't like to wear foundation at all ( my face feel weird ) .
with regard to tint moisturiser , i have benefit 's tinted moisturiser - it 's okay but i prefer to use it for night 's out or special event .
somehow it still feel heavy on my face .
be there a much light tined moisturiser out there ?
any advice or tip for what would be suitable for me to wear and brand ?
i 'd prefer to keep away from foundation if possible .
thank you !
i know what you say about foundation , but try body shop .
it 's really light , then use a powder brush to put a light dust of a press powder .
if you 're just look for a blemish cover , rimmel do a blemish stick which cover a multitude of sin .
make sure you remove any make up with a good non greasy cleanser if you do n't want pizza face
primer do n't usually give any coverage .
tint moisturiser give a little , but imo do n't do much at all and i do n't like the feel and texture on my skin .
i use a stila one as it be ok , but slightly greasy
i 'd just get a really light foundation e.g. givenchy
do you remember that movie that be based on nothern light by philip pullman ?
how come they never make a sequal ?
i be shocked..there be so much hype when it come out...it be so anticipated...x
well in the series of philip pullman book , the next one in the sequence be call the subtle knife , i guess they would make a film of that rather than call it the golden compass 2 .
i imagine they would n't make a sequel because the first film be n't very good .
if they even think of call it " the golden compass 2 ", i will go into genocide mode .
it piss me off enough that they change northern light to the golden compass for no apparent reason as it be , let alone ****ing up the rest of the trilogy .
the film sell well in europe but poorly in america , as a lot of religious group see the film as anti @-@ christian @/@ religion and so it get a lot of bad press .
the american market be what matter ( afterall , they take the american title of the book , not the original title ) , so all plan for a sequel be can .
not to mention that the golden compass strip off all the reference to religion it possibly could , but that 's pretty much impossible in the sequel .
how can you kill god without any religious context ?
so if there be bad press for the first film it 'd only get a million time worse by the time the last film come out .
to many fan it 's difficult to see how the golden compass could 've even carry the series forward since it leave out a lot of the important part of the magesterium that be develop in the sequel .
in short , if there be ever to be a dark material trilogy , it 'll have to be from a british film production company who do n't care what the bible belt think .
it would 've be nice if someone decide to take it on after the harry potter film craze die down , but since it 's be try once and fail i think it 's go to be a good few year ( 10 or so ? ) before anyone think of touch it again .
hopefully if it happen they 'll do a lord of the ring and film it in one big go rather than wait to see if the box office figure validate a sequel . :/
i do n't either but i can see why he 's do it .
cameron be re @-@ release avatar with 6 additional minute of footage .
people might think it 's a waste of effort , but those 6 minute will no doubt bring him at least , a few more million $$$ in the bank , just like this 3d crap will for lucas .
depends on the film , i think it be interest to see avatar in 3d , but no other movie since have interest me in 3d ( harry potter in 3d be a joke )
on the subject of star war , as a massive fan since i be a child this sadden me as i would like the film to be leave as they be . ( say that i do agree with the remastering they do for the 20 th anniversary...)
though be the whore that i am... i will probably splash the cash to watch star war on the big screen again...
hollywood money @-@ grabber cash in while contribute to destroy new technology - shocker .
i also disagree with people who would say " why not ? ".
artistic integrity , for instance .
it would be far more appeal to see those film fully remastered in imax , rather than a tacky bandwagon jump , and it would still rake in money .
the problem be " good " be still a long way off the kind of image audience expect .
without the force , an after @-@ conversion will never even begin to look good .
if you have six film , which be n't release in their in @-@ universe chronological order originally , would n't you want to change it for any subsequent release ?
the prequels would definitely be improve with 3d , because like avatar they 're all about spectacle and explosion and the " plot " be really just there to string the spectacle and explosion along for 2 hour .
you can n't tell me you would n't want to see , say , the open battle in rot in 3d ?
that be awesome enough in the cinema anyway , but it could really be enhance by ilm do their thang .
i be less optimistic about the core film be convince in 3d , because as much as i love their visual effect , they be design 20 year before people even begin talk about the possibility of 3d as it have be realised today .
they have hold up very well because the story and character be strong , not because the visual effect be up to much , revolutionary though they be at the time .
still , this be ilm we 're talk about here , hopefully all six film will come out look pretty good .
however what i really want be a blu @-@ ray collection of all six .
hurry the **** up , george .
have anyone hear of this film ?
it star , among others , natalie portman , vincent cassel , winona ryder and mila kunis .
it have receive some amaze review .
it be go to be officially release here in the uk next year in february , but it be go to be show at the london film festival next month .
i read the screenplay a while ago .
a lot of visual potential but a little weak in the storytelling department .
hopefully aronofsky have be able to turn it around , though i 'm not really dig the trailer - mulholland drive anyone ?
it have mila kunis kiss natalie portman in one scene .
it 's safe to say the film will attract viewer .
id play a video game call the prince of persia but there be already a film come out .
for those , who have watch it . what be the feedbacks ?
plan to see the movie alone
i think it look awful , personally .
i really can n't stand that actress because she play the most annoy character ever , and her character in prince of persia really grate in just the trailer .
not to mention that the script sound horrendous .
i have n't see it though...
i be gonna ask if i be the only one who thought this , but a quick google search of ' sex and the city 2 racist ' answer that question .
was the film racist ?
was it intentional , to add to the vapid ignorance of the character ?
was it intentional pro @-@ american propaganda ?
or be i , and many critic , make something out of nothing ?
thought tsr ?
it be kinda insult to their culture .
but the whole thing be exaggerate for the purpose of enhance the storyline , e.g the clash between samantha 's rampant sexuality and the " cover up " stereotype of eastern country .
i do n't think anybody should get on their high horse about it , people only insult it because it 's sex and the city , nobody give a **** about stuff like that in other film .
i be watch good will hunt and i realised how some of the thing in the film apply to me eg push yourself away from people because you 're scare that they 'll find you imperfection etc.
that really get me think about my life and what i need to change so if you have any film that have change you personally or have make you change your outlook on life then plz share .
if you 're think , think about something useful and interesting which will get you somewhere : maths .
i agree there 's more than education .
if you do n't want to think , you could get waste or do something else etc.
if you 're spend your time think , make it useful think , that 's all i 'm say .
the doom generation . saw 1 , i know a lot of people get hook up on the gore and ' sickness ' of it , but the whole point of that film be philosophy about life and it do get me think for a while .
actually it lead to a lengthy , involve discussion at uni in which someone end up cry . so definitely good for think about life .
and if you 're willing to watch something that be n't a film but still go in the dvd player , then any of the bill hick stuff
if anyone have n't say the blind side yet , then that get my vote !
i see the trailer for it and have yet to see the whole thing , but it look amaze .
and i do n't necessarily think this film be go to make you think hard about life , but.. i also recommend watch brick .
it 's good if you 're into a film noir kinda thing .
cant believe no @-@ one have mention pursuit of happyness , the only time i have shed a tear infront of the tv since see tottenham loose the worthington cup final when i be 9 .
serious stuff , this movie be immense and have affect me more then any other film or tv show .
scrub be pretty good as well as provide laugh .
i dont know if you genuinely believe this or if you be just try to act the adult .
a life have be spent entirely on academia whether it be maths or anthropology at the cost of miss essential human experience be the biggest waste of a life imaginable .
did anyone know ?
imdb page
the film be class comedy @-@ drama and be supposedly about the creator and the found of facebook .
facebook have be around for five year now and the question be , do it warrant a film ?
are the maker hope every facebook user . around 200 million globally will watch the film ?
bit of a stupid idea how film production company will make a movie about this when there a far better movie script out there .
why not make a film about digg ?
that 's get a better found story than facebook .
why be justin timberlake in it ?
are they just try anything to make it big ?
i personally use facebook and think it 's a useful thing to have , but to be honest why would i want to see a film about it ?
i like see comedy , or thriller , or action films.. but a film about the founder of facebook ?
yeah i hear about that about a year ago when it first go into production .
i 'm really interested to see what come of it give the cast and ( especially ) david fincher direct with aaron sorkin scripting ! !!
the academy have announce that they will permit ten nominee for the best film category instead of the usual five .
the reason behind the change be that the academy , in the face of fall rating , want to attract more popularity to the oscars .
what do you think of this change ?
what would you do to make the oscars more popular ?
or do you think the rise of the internet and etc will inevitably slowly kill off the oscars ?
i 'm still fume about shawshank not get an oscar .
similarly , i be still piss that slumdog millionaire be award best film last year .
it be a travesty !
it be good no doubt , but the best ?
the judge panel just jump on the bangwagon surround the media hype .
i think the dark knight should have win the best film award , but they do n't even nominate that film .
out of the nominate one , i think milk be much better than slumdog millionaire .
though frost @/@ nixon be pretty good as well .
( the reader and the benjamin button film be crap.)
so in the last week , the new head of ofsted , sir michael wilshaw , have say :  all teacher should be qualify .
what an absolutely preposterous suggestion !
you mean to say that , as citizen of this great nation , our children should be teach by professional people who have go through the necessary rigmarole to be let loose in our school ?
how dare we expect that from our education system . and while we 're at it - why stop there ?
let 's round up our homeless and get them work in our hospital .
it 'll get them off the street and straight into promising career .
youth unemployment be rife at the moment so let 's get them pilot our aeroplane .
heathrow might even get its third runway so we could do with a few more pilot .
i hear overcrowd in jail be a problem too - especially since the riot last summer .
why do n't we just convert the miscreant to our side by give them a uniform and a gun ?
they 're bound to see sense and start make our street safe instead of cause the trouble .
and lastly , with the easter holiday come up , young children will need something to keep them occupy .
maybe they can try write for a sunday tabloid - i hear there be vacancy at the sun .
you may have sense my slight sarcastic undertone - although that last suggestion might not be such a bad idea .
call me naive , but i always assume that teacher be either qualify or train alongside someone qualify ?
it seem though that any old sod can do it .
be it any wonder then that the uk 's position in the international league table have slip ?
so despite sound incredibly obvious , mr wilshaw seem to have hit the nail on the head .
problem solve .
i 'm sure it come as a welcome suggestion to all the fully train , out @-@ of @-@ work teacher who struggle to get a job .
not to mention the one who have job and have work extremely hard to get there .
so until then - if you 're pass by your child 's school , you might want to pop your head around the classroom door .
just to make sure one of the dinner lady be n't also teach maths .
all teacher should be able to teach .
some piece of paper from a teach academy do not equate to , by definition , be capable of teach .
i think all we need to do be think of some teacher we have have to know this .
and at the same time i think we can all think of great teacher who have not have a piece of paper from a teacher train college .
with this notion of qualification there be an unholy alliance of two group of people .
the first be the well intend sponsor who think enforce such rule will improve education by keep so call unqualified teacher out .
the second be the special interest group , the teacher union , who want to keep competition out so they want a piece of paper that teacher need to have .
this piece of paper be just another barrier to entry for outsider and keep the incumbent teacher safe from competition .
the teacher union hate competition and they have do a very good job of fending off competition under the guise of the public interest
fortunately we have thing like the khan academy now that be go to seriously screw those monopolistic selfish bastard over .
suck on that educational establishment .
this be a story about bnp on dm
http : //www.dailymail.co.uk/news/arti....html#comments
unsurprisingly the most liked comment defend the bnp , the rest all praise the bnp , whether it be in a stealthy way or openly ( most of the " best rate " comment openly support the bnp ) .
majority of the " worst rate " comment on that site criticise the bnp .
i conclude that most of the reader of that paper be bnp sympathisers or supporter .
p.s i would have be for the bnp if they just be n't racist or present themselves as a " christian party which support christian value ", some of their policy e.g " get out of afghanistan ", " stop be usa 's poodle ", " kick out muslims who dont integrate ", " eradicate islamic fundamentalism from britian " e.t.c really interest me .
i wish liberal support the policy i mention
while i too think most of their reader be racist , i think for the majority they be more " friendly " racist than " bnp " racist .
by friendly i mean that while they harbour racist view , they be perfectly polite to anyone of any race and do n't go around be openly racist or discriminate against individual .
still not a great quality to have , but nowhere near the level of vitriole as the bnp .
i would n't compare them directly to the bnp - most of the reader be white middle class people who find many of the change in society scary and the daily mail give them stereotype to blame without use too complicated language .
whilst it 's an awful paper , compare its entire readership to some of the monster in the bnp party be wrong .
please post in this thread all discussion relate to the recent rise in tension between the uk and argentina over the issue of the sovereignty of the falkland island .
argentina be grow quite rapidly compare to the uk , but that be beside the point .
if argentina be to launch a surprise attack and take the island 's airfield , then britain would be effectively unable to retaliate due to lack of an aircraft carrier .
keep pretend everything be fine , though .
argentina - yes .
argentina 's arm force - no.
argentina launch a surprise attack ?
well , it would certainly be surprising , not least to the member of their arm force use the same kit they do in ' 82 .
they 'd be astonish to learn that they have suddenly discover the requisite experience , train and equipment to make such a land possible .
not to mention we have the southern hemisphere 's most capable attack aircraft station on the fis .
yes , we 're without an aircraft carrier , mean we cannot retaliate in the same way we do in ' 82 .
however , this do not mean we cannot retaliate .
we 've prove that the typhoon can fly from ascension island to the falklands .
the rn can still launch a task force that would , if allow to fight openly , utterly decimate the argentinian navy and we retain the ability to launch tomahawk directly through ms. kirchner 's window should we wish .
they would have to be suicidal .
pretty cool eh ?
what do people think about in @-@ vitro meat ?
would you eat it ?
as a matter of interest to the vegetarian and vegan out there , if it be n't mix with blood , and be simply stem @-@ cell grown , would you eat it
( i can see why vegan might be oppose , but i 'm unsure about vegetarian )
if it benefit my health then i would probably eat it .
sound interest . though i doubt they 'll be able to replicate the taste of a good bit of beef any time soon .
for fast food place where the meat they use be terrible anyway it should n't affect thing much .
it might be the key to the survival of the human race .
how do vegetarian view this ?
all the thing they could research to do with stem cell and they come up with this ?
time be run out for the chagos islander to return home .
these people be illegally remove from their homeland to make way for the us military base on diego garcia , lease to the us from the uk for a 50 year period , which could be renew for a further 20 year in 2016 , if the us so wish .
i 'd urge anyone to watch this video for deep understand of this atrocity : - http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1ocqqn_uoiy
if you be short of time please take a few minute to watch this : - http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qflhb_skmig
after witness these event , i hope us educate tsrians have the view that democracy should prevail , and no one should be forcibly remove from their home .
not many know about these atrocity , but help spread the word .
and please sign this petition to raise awareness , and hopefully ( yes , be very hopeful here ) it will one day be debate in the house of common . http : //epetitions.direct.gov.uk/petitions/4685
thank you .
i sign it .
with all the stuff go with the falklands , i think this make the uk seem a bit hypocritical .
i 'll sign the petition if you remove the highlight part from your post .
it 's inflammatory and a cheap attack on coalition force .
when actual innocent civilian do die it 's regretable , but we both know that they be n't the intend target .
you clearly put that there to win brownie point with the anti @-@ war crowd despite this issue have nothing at all to do with the conflict in iraq and afghanistan and infact bomber operation out of diego garcia completely cease over five year ago .
i happen to watch a news review on sky news this morning in which a bunch of journo 's be bleat on that we should n't condemn all the " innocent " and hard work journalist at news international just because a whole bunch of hack at the sun be arrested...
because that would cause untold damage to the whole media industry .
oh poor them .
this be precsisely , be it not ? , what the whole media have be do to the bank industry for the last two year or so ?
total hypocrisy .
it be important to seperate the innocent from the guilty in both industry but it 's ironic that the paper have be sell copy by basically tar all banker with the same brush and slagging them off mercilessly for year .
isnt sky news own by bskyb which be own by news international or something ?
it doesnt surprise me though , let hope murdoch go down .
the media condemn banker be akin to a witch hunt , stephen hester be give just a 6.5m bonus in 2010 yet jpmorgan 's top executive be pay $ 21m that year .
stephen hester be employ because of his excellent show of skill after his success in safely defuse the explosive capital @-@ market business of abbey national .
the media seem to have mix up the man responsible for the merge with abn amro with the man responsible for fix the failure of rbs .
moral of the story : the media will always present news in a way which forward their view , it 's that simple .
i recently come across two story , one about a pcso in the uk who be arrest and sentence to up to 10 year for have an " affair " with a 12 year old girl , and another where a woman in utah be give up to 15 year for have sex with a 14 year old boy .
for the sake of argument , let say a 35 year old woman be have sex with a 14 year old boy and similarly a 35 year old man be have sex with a 14 year old girl .
i can n't think of a good reason why either of these scenario should be worse than the other , but deep down i seem to feel that the first scenario be n't that serious at all .
in order to give a reason as to why they be different i 'd have to admit a difference in free will between young guy and girl , which be hard to do .
but for some reason it almost seem like the 35 year old man be some sort of predator whereas the 35 year old woman be only misguide .
in keep with this the 14 year old girl be take advantage of whereas the 14 year old boy be lucky .
note that in both case the sex be consensual , obviously not legally , but in the sense that there be n't any physical compulsion .
so i 'm not say if a 14 year boy be forcibly touch by a woman it would be ok .
i have a discussion about this with my girlfriend , she think both be serious .
i agree , but also seem to have this almost sexist view that the boy be really hurt at all .
what do you guy think ?
be it sexism or be sex between teenage boy and older woman just fundamentally different ?
i think it seem less serious because 14 @-@ year @-@ old boy talk about have sex with an " older woman " as if it be an achievement .
whereas to a 14 @-@ year @-@ old girl , if an older man be interested in her she 'd consider him a dirty pervert .
therefore it seem unlikely that the girl consent , whereas most would believe the boy would be very much up for it .
well suppose the 14 year old girl feel the guy love her and want to have sex with him .
it still seem that it 's worse because for some reason i 'd think the man have manipulate her in some way whereas in the other case i would n't really feel the boy have be dupe .
i think this be n't a good way to think about it but it seem fairly prevalent .
yes , i see that .
my point be , people would n't believe that . that 's why it seem worse .
girl : " but i want sex with him ! " - most would assume she be brainwash , groom .
boy : " but i want sex with her ! " - most would assume that yes , he probably do .
anyone else think it 's a bit ridiculous that this man actually get arrest for make a monkey gesture ?
it do n't hurt anyone , and whilst it may be offensive to some , surely this be n't an arrestable offence ?
i mean , where 's the line between un @-@ pc and illegal ?
no , i do n't think it be ridiculous .
whilst no one want to stop banter , the intention of this be clear : to cause offence .
it be disgraceful and totally unacceptable .
criminal charge + lifetime ban from all ground methinks .
i 'm a liverpool fan and there can be no excuse for this behaviour .
i hope he be ban from football for life ( not just anfield ) .
i honestly do n't understand racist people .
no he should have be arrest .
i hope the fa ban him from all match for life , and the court give him a suspend sentence and some kind of community service .
what i do n't understand be in the film hot fuzz , one of the detective , who be white , call nick frost , who be also white , a monkey .
now , unless i 'm miss something here , i 'm pretty sure nick frost be n't black , and monkey mean black person , do n't it ?
so what be this detective use the word ' monkey ' for if it be n't to mean black person ?
i 'm terribly confuse .
it 's short but if you do n't want to read it basically a guy in the usa have be arrest for agree to meet up with and have sex with a " 14 year old girl " who be actually an undercover cop...
surely this be entrapment ?
he do n't actually do anything because they basically lead him into the situation ?
sure , it would be a crime if he have actually do this with a 14 year old and something have happen when they meet up...
but the american police have basically create this whole scenario and lead him into it , feed him along ?
this suggest to me that the police officer be the one who suggest everything...
coax him into it...
we do n't know the full story but i get the impression that this " 14 year old girl " offer him sex on a plate willingly....
would that be legal in this country ?
i mean i think it 's wrong that this guy would meet up with a 14 year old with the intent to have sex...
but fabricate the situation... you can n't arrest someone for something they have n't done... it 's just wrong...
am i the only one who think this be mess up ?
from previous similar story , what usually happen be that the undercover officer behind the screen be extremely passive ( as a normal young innocent teenager would probably be ) and then agree to meet up with the potential paedophile , if he show up at the place then he be guilty .
i see nothing wrong with this morally , he know the girl be 14 and still decide to meet her ( have previously state his intention through im ) .
if that be the case then i understand and agree , it 's just the way the article be write it sound as if the police officer be do a lot of the work , and it 's in america so different law to here .
they do this and it work , there be even a show about it .
to me its fine , if the suspect have to make a choice , ie leave his home and go to a location , then i do n't really care if he be encourage .
not that recent but it have go under the radar for month .
it 's graphic so that be why it be in spoiler .
strange that youtube keep it up , but it 's not horrifically graphic like thing on liveleak .
story be basically that they be targeted for refuse to believe in god @/@ jesus as their saviour .
guess they do n't get the version with the execution part edit out ?
inb4 ''you can n't judge all christians on a remote village in kenya''
i 'm not , i 'm just post it .
what planet be you on ?
go to the gore websites that dont restrict content and you 'll get so many thing about africa .
the majority of the world may be in the 21 st century but that crap hole be still in the dark age .
there 's nothing to stop these people what they 're do , either .
i imagine the town be either under the grip of religion , or too scared to protest simply because of the nature of these punishment .
another bullet point on the big list of thing atheist do n't do .
how christian of them !
it would be a bit silly to suggest only christians have do thing like this .
what do we think ?
will this mean a weak unite kingdom ?
something that struck me watch a question time debate on this issue be the attitude of some english people , such as the obnoxious mail journalist on the panel , that scottish independence be good because then we would n't have to subsidise them for be poor .
he even make some kind of play on word involve the word " skint ".
scotland probably receive more than its fair share of uk government spend in term of its share of the population .
i believe this be because it be , on average , poor than england .
the way some english people sneer at the scots for be poor and therefore receive more government spend would n't , i presume , be direct at poor area of england .
the north , wale , the south @-@ west , east london and many other area of the uk get more than their proportional share of spend , because they need it .
i think it 's wrong to resent the scottish poor for be scottish , because i 'm sure such complaint would n't be make about poor region of england .
i be also annoy by a woman in the audience who say scotland should be independent ( she be english ) because " all country should be independent ", include wale and " ireland ".
this be such a simplistic view .
should yorkshire be independent ?
should flanders split from french @-@ speak belgium ?
should northern ireland join with the republic ?
should quebec be independent ?
should the kurds be independent ?
should bavarian , or basque , or sicilian , or catalan , or bosnian @-@ serbs , or cantonese chinese have independence ?
load of place have their own history , culture , devolved government , language and so on .
just because scotland be an independent state 300 year ago , do n't mean it should be today .
the definition of " country " be more complex than that woman 's personal black and white judgement .
culturally i feel british and i want britain to stay together .
but i recognise there be convince political and economic reason the snp have for independence and i do n't think lord ashdown 's reponse on qt of " we 're stronger together " have enough real substance to it .
i support him , but unionist need to express in more real term why we 're stronger together .
another interest issue be the advantage to the tories if labour @-@ dominate scotland break away .
the mail guy make this point and dimbleby immediately quote number prooving that actually scottish mps have never be significant in the balance of power in the common .
( take that sensationalist journalist who have n't get their fact straight ! )
and then there 's the issue of time .
it may well be tactical on the part of the snp to wait until 2014 , but i think it 's practical too .
who get the trident sub ?
who get the arm force ?
do scotland stay in the eu ?
do it keep the pound ?
what about their oil ?
do the english have a say ?
these be all in my view huge issue .
it 's the biggest decision in 300 year and it need to be make slowly i think .
give the scots two year to make their mind up , because it 's not as simple as the westminster government want to make out .
i do applaud them though for try to get the legal issue sort out .
i be so tire of this debate , but i guess it 's go to keep crop up .
independence would be worse for both scotland and the rest of the uk .
as scots be we really so different that we 'd toss aside the political , cultural and economic benefit of the union so that we can massage our own ego and yell " freedom ! "?
there be an snp canvaser at my door today , so my mum decide to annoy him , and tell him she vote tory... for which he have no response and get all fluster , then when ask which party she would vote for in the next election she say she do n't vote for a party , she vote for a person , and he get confuse , then she say she would n't vote for independence , and he be genuinely surprise and do n't know what to say
the snp seem to think that just because they win the election it mean that the whole country want independence , when actually they probably win the election because they want free prescription , free tuition , free care for the elderly etc. while other party be n't offer as much ( although , it do beg the question of where exactly all this money be come from ? )
now for a bit of intentional controversial and completely ignorant ' tar with the same brush ' type question :
be this what ' british ' people think ?
i know many people do n't think like this bitch but this be appaling .
should she have her kid take away from her ?
you see the other ' british ' woman do n't defend the others but be more concern with have to take care of her baby that be about to wake up , which mean one ' british ' woman be be racist , and the other ' british ' woman be just let it pass , be more worried about something else .
so do that mean that most ' british ' woman think like this ?
you also have to admit that the lady argue with the rave bitch have no reason to say ' we 're here because you do n't work , go find a job ', that 's wrong and a bit racist within itself .
the like to dislike ration on this video be around 3 @:@ 1 , what do that show ?
what do you think ?
if you allow her to have this opinion be it because you project the same feeling ?
what would be the point in argue with her ?
the women be so steep in her own ignorance it would take year to educate her
she 's entitle to her own opinion .
someone should have just give her a slap just to shut her up
wow , she 's gonna be really piss in about 20 year . hahaha !
but seriously , if all english @/@ british people be like her.....why would anyone want to be english/british .
i actually think she have something wrong with her , whether she be on drug or drunk .
but she be slur a lot .
the fact she call nigeria... nygigreeah.... i think she be half with it...
no @-@ one in their right mind , start scream and swear like that , with their young child sat on their lap...
also , to say most british women think the same , be wrong .
i 'm a british woman and would never dream of acting like that .
you say the one other british lady do not stand up for the others , but...
1. she actually do , by tell the loud mouth cow to shut up .
2. although she should n't have to , why do you think she have to get involve ?
just because she be british ?
3. several other people , who be n't british do n't get involved... do that make them racist too..?
4. if i be in that situation , and i have a child with me , i would try my hard not to get involve , as it would n't be fair on my child .
but if the argue cause my child to be disturb , then i would have do the same and get involve .
i agree that what i have watch in this video be sicken , but i disagree with several point you have make .
and i would actually say some of your point be rather racist and offensive to british women .
you may be angry at what you have see , but that be no reason to group all british women as racist .
seem stab be become as regular as fart , soon there will be so many knife on the street it will bring back the uk 's steel make to what it be 50 year ago .
along with tougher sentancing i dont know what else could be do that would'nt upset the bleed heart liberal ( no pun intend )
i would rather be stab by a childish fool than be harass by the police on a daily basis .
edit : i will clarify - i would rather take the risk of be stab than have my freedom infringe on a regular basis .
do u know statistically ethnic minorites be more than likely to be stop and search .
just say that this kind of measure to stop and search anyone @- i do n't really see as appropriate .
recently france decide to ban the burka in public place in the interest of public security .
i both agree and disagree with this statement .
some women feel the burka empower them , but other feel trap by it .
so be it a public security issue or just some anti semetic judgement ?
be a piece of cloth wrong ? in what way ?
intimidate or force one into dress a particular way be wrong .
it have be say that if teenages cannot wear hoodies in shop as it conceal their identity why should somebody to wear a burka ?
i 'm a muslim and i do n't agree with much of what he say , but i can n't deny that he be a fantastic orator .
whether you agree with his view or not , you have to respect the man 's incredible intellect and sharp wit .
i happen to agree with his view on religion and so i must thank him for teach me an incredble amount of factual knowledge but more importantly , the ability to think critically .
i do n't have any johnnie walker so i hope a glass of this jd will suffice .
thank you for everything hitch .
you be truly my inspiration .
i be a hitchens fanboi for a year or so and the fact this be actually really quite upset be a testament to just how good his write be , that he can have such an incredible impact on people life .
even the guy above who be a glad he be dead have be seduce by the hitch 's write in that you either devote yourself to him or hate him above all else .
( that guy be obviously far too stupid to comprehend this though guy so best to just ignore him )
i be n't such a fan of his habit of preach opinion as truth , then again i 'm not a big fan of rhetoric in general .
nevertheless , he exercise his right to freedom of speech to the nth degree and give a lot of people strength in the process .
he will be miss .
a contrarian and freethinker until the end . he leave no one untouched...from mother teresa to bill clinton and henry kissinger .
a fantastic orator , extremely well @-@ read and a sharp wit...
it 's a sad , sad loss .
we need more people that go out of their way to challenge the " false refuge of consensus " he have referred to and warn against seek .
i 'm come across so many good quote from him !
on reagan : " he 's do to the country what he can no longer do to his wife ."
on a tv evangelist : " if you give him an enema you could bury him in a matchbox ."
i may have support his anti @-@ religiousness but , whatever your opinion on it , you have to admire the courage of his conviction .
he only say what he think be right and , if we have more people around today like that ( namely in politics ) , the world would be a better place .
when i hear about his death this morning my mood completely shift .
his writing and speech be such a huge influence on me during those most tumultuous teenage year , the year in which i be " tentatively feel my way into the life of the freethinker " in the word of dawkins , and serve as a brilliant rebuttal to the dogma i be be feed in catholic school .
i have the pleasure of see mr. hitchens at the " great god debate " last year here in boston and in retrospect , i 'm glad i have that opportunity before his untimely , yet nonetheless inevitable demise .
what be the chance that tm when we wake up in the morning , we switch on to the news and see break news that prince philip have die after overnight heart problem
the guy be in his 90 's
what be the chance he survive this so far look very silm
i pray for his swift recovery and many more year of life and service to the uk and commonwealth .
much as i be fond of the royal family if he die i really hope we do n't end up see a load of scene that would not look out of place in north korea and a media circus .
it be about time someone remind all these naive women that no matter what your " right " be , you still have to take responsibility for your safety or sadly face the consequence .
edit : so... 87 96 people would risk be rape rather than get a taxi ?
well do n't come cry to tsr when you get a reality check .
it 's a sad fact of our society that you have to think ahead all the time to ensure your safety .
it should n't be - you should be able to dance down backalleys naked , drunk at 3 in the morning if you want to without anyone try to cause you harm , but unfortunately there be always those who will take advantage , so you should always watch your drink , stay within your limit and never ever wander off on your own .
oh thank lord , someone talk sense .
why be we tell women not to get rape instead of tell men not to rape ?
it 's not like get a taxi be even something everyone can do .
you can n't always afford a taxi ( especially if you 're in london ! ) , you can n't always flag one down , you might not have a work phone on you ( lack of credit , lack of battery ) and you might have a phone but no idea of local taxi number .
do this mean you deserve to be rape ?
obviously not .
the point here should be ' if you see a woman walk alone at night , do n't rape her ' as oppose to ' if you 're a woman , or have any chance of be perceive as one , do n't walk around alone at night '.
it be easier for men not to rape than women not to be rape .
you just do n't rape .
edit : i seem to have be misconstrue by a couple of people here , so i 'll elaborate .
women have a responsibility to mitigate the risk of bad thing happen to them , like any of us .
i be not say that women should realistically be able to dance down back alley naked .
i be say that the only person with the power to eradicate the risk be the prospective perpetrator .
if a girl be rape , it be not her fault even if she do n't take the adequate measure to mitigate risk , because that risk would have be there irrespective of how careful she may have be .
rape victim do not have the power to prevent rape .
only the would @-@ be rapist do .
on that basis , the above interviewer 's handle of the subject seem to me to have be insensitive in the extreme .
women should not be make to feel bad for have be rape .
now if these lot riot and loot be south asians or , god forbid muslims , forum would be fill with anti @-@ multiculturalism rhetoric - where derogative comment about an entire group of people would be acceptable .
often these people would decry the " pc liberal media " for not call it out .
so , we all know the crime problem in the black community in london , why be n't you call it out as an example of multiculturalism fail ?
you 're probably think it , but do n't want to say it .
heaven forbid , have you become politically correct overnight ?
you clearly have n't be on tsr today .
there be have be numerous thread about the black community etc.
it kind of get bore after a while .
they be : i do n't know about tsr , but you should look at the comment on the telegraph website .
mind , they do n't need much encouragement .
why should it be a racial thing .
most of the past riot have be majorly white , nobody start bang on about race then and they should n't .
i 've see a lot of racism today and its unacceptable .
forget about race
found this blog earlier which talk about the need to slow population growth .
the blogger put forward a two child policy as the answer .
any thought ?
the only country that would be able to implement this already have birth rate below replacement ( or will do soon )
the only area of real population growth in the future be go to be africa , and i can n't imagine any african state be able to exert this level of control and organisation on their citizen .
most of the word that come out of his mouth these day seem to be try to lure catholic vote .
it seem that he know under the current population change ( if it continue ) that ireland will eventually unite .
but how can he possibly ' end sectarianism ' if member of his party come out with purely bigotory remark ( such as ian mcmrea 's in the summer time )?
how can he possibly change the mind set of unionist who vote for nationalist party ( sdlp ) purely to keep sf out of a seat ?
how can he change the mindset of hardline nationalist who see sf as traitor and refuse to vote at all ?
it seem that such a beautiful land have be create that it have to be balance out , so it be send the most evil of inhabitant to curse the land forever...
i think it 's a noble aspiration and , yes , unionist need to reach out to roman catholics .
there 's nothing ideologically unsound about that - after all , most roman catholics in scotland , england and wale be unionist , why should history prevent that from be the case in northern ireland ?
i 've not hear his full remark , just what i garner from the radio and a couple of short bit in article , but it really sound good and - whilst i still can n't bring myself to think of the dup as decent , mainstream and cross @-@ community - i think it 's a step in the right direction .
it surprise me .
do n't particularly give a ****.
never be to ni .
however , if the majority want to keep up a union with great britain then that 's fine .
what 's everyone 's opinion of it ?
do it bring out english pride ?
do it look like a piece of junk ?
tell me .
it really be n't very good look be it . even from a distance .
kinda look like a rollar coaster with some ugly grey tower go up the middle of it .
ahh well , good to know tax payer money be be well spent .
at least , i 'm guess the tax payer payed for this .
nasty tv guy ! yuc , i hate them
if he want it done , i do n't see what the problem be .
i dont think there be anything wronge with the except for the name of the program ; " mumifying alan "
he agree to do it .
what 's the problem ?
i do n't see why so many people be against grammar school , when really segregation happen anyway in comprehensive school .
the best abled pupil get put into the " top " set and usually get the best teacher in the subject department etc.
if that 's the case then why not just reintroduce grammar school instead of do this half hearted attempt at try to make it look like everything be equal ?
really , what be the point in the government make me eat lunch in the same room as violent yobo 's anyway and have to watch out for be attack in the hall way or firework snuck in ?
i feel like they be just try to piss me off , and i kind of am , at them and the socialist who push for this kind of crap .
are n't they phase out grammar school ?
there be one not far from me but it 's just a regular middle @/@ high school now .
where i 'm from 10 % of children will pass the 11+ and get into the grammar school .
the other 90 % be call failure at 11 and sent to an underfunded sink school .
why be it fair that 10 % of children get 90 % of the fund ?
grammar school also do n't allow for children to move up if they start work harder , it 's much easier to move from the bottom set to the top set within a school than it be to move from the comprehensive to the grammar school .
everyone deserve the chance for a good education not just the lucky 10 % who get into the grammar school based on one exam at the age of 11 .
how will libya 's oil reserve of 46+ billion be divvy up ?
if not the oil atleast a decent portion of libyas future outward fdi .
hopefully now we 'll avoid a double dip or prolong recession .
get that oil flow , dammit .
long live the the libyan interim national council ! !
if we want oil contract why would we bother with this ?
we should have just support gaddafi and he would have reward our support with more oil contract .
oh and just because there be reserve it do not mean they be financially viable , plus the tnc could just tell us to **** off like iraq do .
this be nothing more than a glorified bay of pig
the uk 's share of loot will be minumum , but bp will make a kill its investment be safe it have avoid a long drawn out civil war .
bae system have win
pan african solidarity movement have lose
i be in guatemala when the cia be prepare its attack on [president arbenz of guatemala , 1954].
his state have no revenue ; its biggest income maker be unite fruit company .
so arbenz put the tiny of tax on bananas...
we install a military dictator and there 's be nothing but bloodshed ever since." -- gore vidal
history repeat it self
i do n't really know what spoil be to be have , libya only produce 2 % of the world 's oil .
at least the end of the revolution @/@ civil war will make oil cheaper .
it 'll give political spoil to cameron and sarkozy , though , as long as the new government do n't cut off umpteen head in reprisal .
unless you mean something different , bp go back into profit only a few month after the gulf of mexico spill .
can someone explain the reason behind these riot to me ?
i 'm kinda slow , i have n't be follow the news for the past couple of day .
i log into tsr and am greet by load of thread about how it 's all kick off in london ( and a few scuffle in brum too ) but no explanation how they start then i go to the bbc site to try and get to the bottom of it but still no explanation !
basically , a guy get shot in london , police claim he be a gangbanger and shoot a police officer , local people claim he be innocent .
initial test reveal he do n't fire a bullet .
anyways , this kill lead to a riot in tottenham and people realised they could just break down shop window and take what they want , and burn car without be hold accountable .
so soon enough it spread to all over london... and now birmingham
so you 're say there be no reason ?
they just want a riot for riot 's sake ?
basically , a man call mark duggan be shoot to death on thursday reportedly by police , a bunch of people stage a peaceful protest and from that people have start use violence , loot and set building on fire , and it 's get worse because they 're realising that police can n't do anything about it .
the paper have it all wrong .
i live right in the middle of this crap , and i know of the sort of people who 're get involve , and it really just boil down to some entitled prick who 've realised that the police won't stop them from nick thing they want if they do it simultaneously , morality be damn .
that incident might have be the spark , but believe me on this , mate , there be no cause behind it anymore .
people be just take thing because they can .
most of the trouble around london be copy cat violence of what happen in tottenham where a 29 year old be shot by the police spark of a protest which gott out of control .
people see the loot go on and want some themselves therefore organising a riot .
so , anyone from gloucester ?
riot police , police dog and police helicopter confirm .
sound like the old college , the old woolworths and a car or 2 be on fire .
many other shop attack include argos , asda and a couple on king walk .
bad time
i work in argos and apparently it hasnt even be touch it be just the old college and barton street and woolworths .
ive hear that more be go on tonight though in the main town but we 'll just have to see , really pathetic though make me so angry .
really sad it 's hit gloucester but i 'm not that surprise .
hopefully these idiot will get bore soon enough and there will not be any more damage done !
london be burn and the media be not broadcast anything about it .
twitter be go mental with report of bomb threat , mass loot , fire etc.
this website be update every couple of minutes....
enfield , brixton , chingford , walthanstow , dalston.....all be looted...all be set on fire .
a massive morrisons in chingford have just be set alight ( from twitter ) ....this be mental !
edit : people be throw petrol bomb from bridge onto pass car on the a10 earlier....
have the police enforce a compulsory media blackout ? ??
the news be be purposely hide from the world ( to discourage further riot ? ) .
ive just emailed all the big news agency make them aware that we know they be hide this......
doubt i 'll get a reply , or anything will change on the news .
i think in the middle of all this carnage , everybody need to take a step back and just hug the internet .
the only omniscient thing i 'm aware that exist .
i be just watch sky news and the riot be all they be talk about for the past 10 @-@ 15 minute .
this be completely unjustifiable .
any sympathy the general public had for the man whose death supposedly spur on this onslaught of violence be surely be erode by the minute when thug be smash up the business , car and home of innocent people who have nothing to do with it .
was in brixton for the splash this afternoon , get violent at 5 o clock or so , very few police consider there be thousand of ppl , also hard to find first aiders why did n't the media report this early ! ?
they focus on shop be burnt late in the even but not violence at a family @-@ friendly festival etc
just wonder about the economic effect of these riots...
i do n't think that we 'll see any substantive impact in the city unless the riot do actually spread from the periphery to the docklands , or even the square mile itself which i consider very unlikely .
but this be go to his tourism badly .
it 's go to hit tourism really badly .
tourist be n't go to want to go to a city that 's unsafe where the police can allow mob rule in the street for three consecutive night , and understandably so .
this be the message leave our country to foreign investor : ' we , here in england , be mindless barbarian .
if you put your business here , it will not be treat with respect , it may be destroy , clearly we do n't have the money to buy your product '.
if i be a foreign investor right now , i 'd be look elsewhere .
it 's perhaps just the final nail in the coffin .
i 'm not his biggest critic by any mean , but this be the most out of touch thing cameron have say so far imo .
" the whole country want young people give the opportunity that work experience provide ."
what a mislead statement .
the country want unemployed people to have job , not be force to work for nothing .
you would have to be insanely right @-@ wing to describe anyone who think people should be pay for work as a trotskyite .
a lot of people on the right be oppose to the idea of what be effectively a tax @-@ payer fund subsidy to large business in the form of free labour .
my take it on this be that it 's a very poor solution to the catch @-@ 22 situation hit most young job @-@ seeker , but that it 's better than the future job fund and @/@ or do nothing .
it 's not force though , it be voluntary .
secret tip on how to avoid this ' slave labour ': when they ask if you want to do it , say no.
no it 's not .
it be if you say yes and quit before completion then you lose benefit for 2 week ( if an 8 week scheme ) .
one issue be that the actual scheme and the administration of the scheme be not match up .
the voluntary scheme itself be perfectly fine .
however , something have go wrong in the way the job centre have be portray it to some people , make it seem mandatory .
i know they think it be , and the prime minister be elect democratically .
but there be the house of lord and it pretty much feel like a country of ' lord ' and its like we be still stuck with some middle age tradition .
what do you think ?
yes , although i 'd like to see a change from first past the post to proportional representation .
also , to the op , i 'm pretty sure that there be hardly any hereditary peer leave in the house of lord
it absolutely be a democratic country .
we have an elect house of common which be sovereign .
people point to the inherit monarchy and the llife peerage as sign of not be democratic , but ignore one significant thing :
many other democratic country worldwide do not elect their head of state or their upper house .
for example : germany , italy , canada , australia , japan , holland , spain , belgium , sweden , norway , denmark , czech republic , hungary , greece and many others do not elect the head of state .
likewise , ireland , canada , germany , france , holland , jamaica and many others do not elect their upper house - at least not directly .
as long as the elect portion of the state ( i.e . the house of common ) have supreme power , then the democratic imperative be satisfy .
ironically , have other portion of the state elect will invite deadlock and compromise , and the democratic will of the people will be drown out in the politicking that will go on .
the lord increase democracy in the uk - it 's a safeguard .
firslty the chamber , although it have party politics , be keep in balance so it be not as partisan as the common .
secondly it be a chamber of expert which function in a largely advisory capacity .
thirdly these guy be lifer , which mean they be able to think past the next election for the good of the country .
i have far more faith in the lord as it stand than in the fptp house of common which lead to barrack by two party who be become increasingly differentiate only by the spell .
[reposting as a replacement for my last post which broke the rule by post a video only]
do you think it might have something to do with the fact that 70 % of the people of these island do not want this mass immigration yet our government allow million from very different culture to immigrate to these island .
we call anyone who say this racist . the u.n have define right for indigenous people .
we stand up for the right of the indigenous tibetans , native americans , maori and say that gandhi be a hero for stand up for the right of the indian people , but if someone want to champion the right of the british indigenous people they be either call racist , people want to have a riot against them and some people would send them to the gas chamber .
do you think the pressure of this suppression eventually give way to these racist rant which be become so commonplace that youtube be literally fill with dozen of them .
do you think it be just a co @-@ incidence that some foul mouth racist stand up and deliver some foul mouth speech or do you think that this be symptomatic of the fact that the british people have have enough of immigration and this be the start of revolt .
black people do n't work
therefore they can n't afford car
therefore they use the bus with the uneducated white chavs
( the first bit be a joke btw , im not a racist =[)
the right of the british white population do n't really need champion .
the only reason one would do so would be to legitimise ostracising people from other ethnic background .
that 's why champion right for white be view with suspicion , to my mind .
we do n't get .
i 've never see one .
where they happen they become viral video and even make the newspaper .
you might as sensibly ask " why do we get so many dog fall off trampoline at barbecue ? " or whatever it be that win this week 's 500 quid on you 've be frame .
the racist people that we have see on such footage be generally quite poor and therefore take public transport .
they evidently be quite angry that they do n't have much money and therfore take their anger out on other race and point the blame on them...
i 'd respect what she say if she do n't call me a "****ing foreign ****head ".
do n't agree with send her to jail though , what happen to free speech ?
i guess be unfair neutralises have a fare
it must be the new craze sweep the nation !
be there any evidence of a racist rant on an aeroplace yet ?
that 'd be the ice on the cake
because they be uninformed and support the bnp .
okay , not troll or anything but i have a question .
why ? i understand what both the bnp and edl want in term of aspiration and goal , ive studied policy and many response to them .
but from what i 've observe via tsr and many news source ; the way they 're try to achieve them , be largely violent edit : specific coverage of edl , whom seem to make the headline a little more .
aggression and hostility be obviously the worst way to go about to get these change make .
do n't they realise it ?
i 've see very little peaceful protest go on , which cause me to question the validity of both the bnp and edl .
and whether they 're genuinely think for the better of this country or they just house people who just want a fight , that have the option to jump on the bandwagon of uk politics . hence this thread .
i 'm not blame anyone , im largely try to remain neutral .
however , riot and fight take two to tango and there be obviously a massive contribution from the oppose party .
but , im just try to get a bigger picture here .
i 'd like for this to be a calm discussion and an informative thread .
for member and follower of both the edl and bnp to come and justify their point across so , not just i , but many others can be educate properly on the intention and the reason behind it all . regard .
first of all , i have no affiliation with the bnp , i find them ridiculous .
but how exactly be they violent ?
i mean , aside from the couple of mental member in the past , i have n't see much violence come from bnp member .
infact , overwhelmingly they seem to be the victim of violence and repression .
as for the edl . well , the thing be , they be never set up with specific political aim .
they be set up as an angry response to radical islam and islamisation , they be a street group , not a westminster lobby .
sadly , some of their demo 's have be mar by violence .
but an agressive opposition , along with a biased press and press with an agenda make them out to be a lot worse than they be .
that say , they be far from good .
the majority be loutish and do n't have any great intellectual capacity , but that do n't mean you should write them off , or that you should oppose their aim .
people who do n't think the bnp be violent do n't know **** about the history of the bnp .
yeah they wear suit now , but in the 80 s and early 90 s it be n't a political ' party ', it be just a street gang that use to fight with afa and commit random act of violence and vandalism against non @-@ white .
you can n't change that history by appear on question time .
and before anyone storm in with the negs and the ' that 's just slander where 's the evidence of this ', google be your friend , do your own research on the bnp vs afa and the link between the bnp and the nf , combat 18 , national socialist movement etc etc etc
with the scottish vote generally be a labour vote ( 41 of 59 seat ) would lose scotland give the conservative party a clear advantage ?
the conservative would lose one mp , be as labour would lose 41 mp 's .
although labour would of still win in 2001 without scotland , the conservative would of have a 21 seat majority in the last general election .
as well as this the forthcoming boundary change will see labour lose 28 seat compare to 7 for the conservative , not to mention union donation cap that would decrease party fund for labour .
with all the say , and with conservative likely to hold a natural majority if scotland gain independence , would that cause labour to push further to the right in order to try and steal the conservative vote and effectively leave behind the work class ?
personally i do n't think they 'd have much choice .
i be interested in hear people opinion on this .
unsure tbh , maybe would make the uk slightly more right wing but can n't imagen it become majorly right .
conservative win a majority of the vote ( but not a majority of the seat , hmm ) in england in 2005 and no doubt many more election where labour win in the uk .
wale be in between .
i wonder how ni would vote if the unionist choose between liblabcon rather then d/uup
what i find worry be that you think it be ok for a political party to change its core value and ideal , purely for the sake of gain power .
not because they believe in what they be say .
i 'm not say that it do n't happen already , but you seem to be imply that it be a totally understandable thing to do ?
unless i 've misunderstood what you be say ?
anyway , my personal opinion be that labour be n't truly leave wing and the conservative definitely be n't right wing .
they be as bad as each other .
as a ' right wing ' person (*cringe*), i sympathise more with some conservative policy but i do n't really like their leadership .
on the other hand , i detest labour with a passion .
good riddance if they loose their foothold in english politics .
steal the job traditionally do by teenager . absolutely disgust .
immigration do need to reflect surplus job available .
however , you get people like that girl sue the government for make her work in poundland not make thing better for anyone .
whilst in some case this be true half the time these people do the work the rest of the british refuse to do...
persay street cleaner as a prime example i cant remember the last time i see a brit do it yet people whine about the ' evil foreigner take our job '
if they wouldnt be so anally retentive in what they wish to do .
and on the broader issue thats what you get for join the eu you win some you loose some , simple .
basically with all this fuss about scottish independence in the news i 'm wonder how this bear for people who be n't 100 % ' pure blood scot ' for 7 generation or something .
i dunno why but it just boggle my brain .
if the snp get their way and crown salmond as king of his own private domain , who determine who be and be n't scottish ?
eu work and residency right no long apply follow independence , and i can see this potential event do nothing but fuel xenophobia , racism and nasty nationalism .
many english people have scottish relative or relative live in scotland long term , many scots move down to england , marry english people or have english relative .
who decide if they 're scottish or not ?
people who have live in scotland for decade could potentially find themselves alien in their own home , potentially consider foreign or ' not quite native '.
what about people who consider themselves british live in a british territory suddenly find themselves on the ' wrong ' side of the border ?
it seem absurd that they should suddenly consider scotland as somehow ' foreign '.
resident of other eu country would suddenly find themselves without eu protection either .
why be the snp so obsess with independence when there be no real political or economic mandate for it ?
surely it have to be for more than some infantile kneejerk obsession with the brave @-@ heart movie and a unjustified grievance with highly slant view on history ?
scotland gain nothing but get lump with stupid debt and political fallout , loss of influence and still economically and culturally tie to the rest of the uk as to make an international border seem utterly insane .
the scots themselves be an amalgamation of different people , picts , britons , gaels , norse and even anglo @-@ saxons .
it 's ironic that some scots take issue with the unite kingdom while ignore that scotland be create in much the same fashion .
so tsr , who decide what a scot in a ' free ' scotland be ?
someone that have a heritage that clearly show that the family have be in scotland for a long time they be scottish obviously although i be sure that someone born there would also be consider scottish as well ?
the only people who be not scottish would be those who move there  la not born there or have any previous family who be born in scotland .
as for who decide that could be tricky although i doubt it will be much of an issue .
i do n't see the situation be any different to the relationship between the uk and ireland .
it would n't really matter if someone be a scottish citizen or a uk citizen , because they will have equal right in both country .
right now irish citizen can freely live in the uk and can vote in general election and even run for office .
i 'm sure the same thing would happen with scotland .
it do still raise the question of exactly who can get scottish citizenship , but it won't really make any practical difference to people who do n't qualify for it .
scottish citizenship would probably be open to people live in scotland on the day it become independent , and anyone who have at least one grandparent who be born there , or something like that .
look at irish citizenship law , it would probably end up be quite similar .
its an interesting question .
i be born in scotland to parent who be born and raise in england , but then my mother side ( she 's an anderson ) have a long history of scottish ancestry .
i live there till i be four , but have live the rest of my life in england .
am i a scot ?
i imagine i will be able to apply for scottish citizenship , but will i be able to vote in a referendum ?
i doubt it .
in recent time and quite a bit more in the past it have always be heavily play on that uk prisoner be some if the most expensive people to keep in the uk .
so i be think , why be n't we make the people who have the ability to pay ( ie @- those people who have any sort of savings or credit ) to stay in prison ?
some prisoner be in prison with large amount of money in the bank so why be n't we take money back off of these people to cover the cost involve in keep them and court cost ?
if people commit the crime people should be willing to do the time and the people who can afford it , should pay for it surely ?
what be other people view ?
yeah man totally agree man they should register to a student loan alternative man and then like , sort of pay it off after their time in jail innit , i 'm gonna buy the domain prisonloans.co.uk now before anybody else smart steal it
the law should treat everyone equally - you can n't have some people pay and others not .
i agree with you that those that can should be able to pay .
however this also raise the issue that since they be pay money as well as serve their time in jail , their sentence should be reduce .
if this be to happen , would it not be unfair that other prisoner that do not have the mean to pay and have commit ' lesser ' crime have to serve longer than those that can ' buy ' their way out of jail , so to speak ?
take hiv as an example , the immigrant population have ten time the level of infection of the other 88 % of the uk .
the other disease be even more extremely biased .
what be your thought on this situation ?
personally i think it 's a very good thing , since our nhs should be work to treat all of the world 's sick people and the more diseased immigrant we have , the more good it can do for them .
also , have them live among us massively increase the risk of infection for the general population , make for a fair society .
why should we get to enjoy relatively low risk of serious infection when other part of the world be in great danger of them ?
test immigrant as a condition of entry to the uk would set us back decade and be morally wrong anyway .
their health status be none of our business .
yeah it be something that we should keep an eye on but what about people without medical record ?
what do we do with them quarantine them while we wait on test result ?
i 'm surprise that we do n't do this anyway .
surely , as a matter of common sense , if we get plenty of people from country where disease like hiv and tb be rife , it 's best to test for it and treat them upon arrival ?
both to prevent them spread it to the rest of the population and also for the welfare of the affect immigrant .
how be that an infringement on human rights...?
come to the uk be a choice .
we already impose condition on entry , why would one more be wrong ?
the problem be that you 'd have to pay to deport immigrant who fail the test when they refuse to leave of their own accord .
so , i 've be read about scottish independence and i do n't think it 's fair to solely concentrate on scottish independence and i 'd like to get the overall view of tsr member .
simple choice , either independence for your home country or to retain membership of the uk .
on the one hand , the union give us a bigger economy and population , and if it break up we 'd be less powerful .
on the other hand it 's a good way to get rid of 5 million labour voter and let the predominantly conservative england free itself of scotland 's socialist yoke .
so i 'm not really bother either way .
so i disagree with the whole tory ethos , and can n't stand what they 're do to this country out of sheer idealogy blahblahblah...
but the reason i really can n't stand cameron and his current cabinet be that they be constantly try to pull the wool over the public eye .
whether it 's by say all those in the public sector who will be strike on wednesday be selfish , or by osbourne selflessly wipe the vat on the x @-@ factor charity single , conveniently be name live on x factor infront on million of viewer .
they rip labour apart on the immigration issue in the general election , now look at the mess its in ! !
do anyone care ?
here 's a link explain the situation as some of you " righties " be oblivious to the situation .
food price @/@ petrol price be sky high .
when petrol cost rose when labour be in government , there be a media frenzy .
likewise when service have to shut down after a day because of snow , the media launch a full blown attack and everyday people be say how disgust it be .
when it snow under the tories and service shut for up to a week , noone care .
likewise noone be particularly fuss when osbourne blame the rubbish economy " growth " on the snow @/@ royal wed .
imagine the furore labour have say such a stupidly false thing .
sneaky nhs shake @-@ up .
if any of you have even use the nhs and have live @/@ travel abroad for a period of time , you will probably know how lucky we be to have such an amaze health service .
there be absolutely no need to open it up to private firm , and he swear blind in those televise debate that his party would n't touch our nhs .
what a crock .
youth unemployment the highest its ever be .
it 's be almost 17 month since the coalition have be in now , not 15 month as one of you say , or just 6 month as another one of you say
so blame labour for the world recession ( which by the way would have be even worse have the tories been in gov in the same year ) almost 17 month on where our economy have go backwards in term of economic growth from when labour left office , be ridiculous .
how many more year be you go to use it as an excuse for what be essentially a tory government dismantle the public sector while it can get away with it .
public sector worker be singled out to pay more into their pension funds...
my sister be a primary school teacher and teacher generally hate the tories , before all this pension business come to the surface but because they 're so backward when it come to education .
she have to pay out of her own wage for all her teach activites @/@ read books/teaching supply and only have a teach assistant twice a week now because they 've withdraw so much money from the school budget .
she 's a great teacher so buy all that stuff , whereas a lot of teacher might not bother as to be fair why should they have to spend hundred a year ? !
teach standard be go to fall massively over the next few year .
why won't the people of this country wake up and stop allow cameron to brainwash them ? ??
you need not to tell us why , as we already know .
we be like this because of financial issue out of our control and the mess of the last government .
if only cameron be do it out of ideology !
i would like a small public sector in this country .
government spend be actually increase .
you can hardly call the nhs shake up sneaky .
public sector pension will still be much better than private .
how dare we bring public sector pension more into line with the private sector ?
just who do we think we be ?
please , the average life span be ever increase , it 's put the contribution up , the pensio value down , or work long .
there be no other choice , the public sector have be spare this by 13 year of spineless labour government , but the fact be we cannot take this burden on at the expense of the tax payer any long .
most of those problem you just describe be the result of a flounder labour government who let spend go out of control and allow the nhs to disintegrate .
whilst i agree that d cameron and the tories be n't do everything they say they would , they be try to cut back the welfare state and dismantle some of the ridiculous law that stop business and worker from operate at their highest
also , petrol price be the result of numerous international economic factor and opec price control , the british government cannot control that .
op try to win brownie point from other clueless student who hate the conservative party just because .
and fail .
badly .
possibly because there 's no money to do anything anymore .
why ? because the wonderful labour party piss away trillion on try to create a client state .
absolutely there be problem in immigration .
this come the same week that report ( cost the taxpayer million ) be finally publish , have be commission by labour , but never release due to their finding which basically conclude that labour make the worst mistake imaginable on immigration .
food price be generally not the domain of the government , and the food price in the uk be relatively low compare to continental europe - certainly the eurozone .
been to cyprus recently ?
4 for a packet of butter , anyone ?
fuel duty have be relatively slow to change since the general election .
when labour come to power in 1997 , you could buy petrol at the pump for 49.9p per litre .
when they leave , it be over 1.30 .
labour could n't do enough nhs reorganisation .
have you see what an nhs executive earn ?
how about a doctor or nurse that do n't actually have any patient ?
there be a lot of them work for health quangoes set up by labour .
very true .
there be a recession on , and the country be on it 's knee thank to rocket scientist g. brown .
damn right .
why should n't they ?
why should they be the only people to have gold @-@ plate pension with no detriment to anyone except the tax payer ?
what about private sector pension - they 're generally worthless .
why ? because they be rape by gordon brown .
at a stroke , by tax dividend he destroy private pension , cost countless trillion , but benefit the treasury a few billion which he whiz away on social engineer .
no one believe that . cameron be part of a coalition government , and face widespread opposition from the like of you , and hard @-@ liner in his own party .
i would suggest also that large number of people in britain be also resign to the fact that the country have its back break during the tenure of blair and brown .
except op explain exactly why they hate the tories...
nah i 'd go for sensible people with a realist outlook myself .
why would you call anybody " scum " for hold a moderate political view ?
do that post really constitute anything worth reply to , any well think and argue point ?
it be just the same politically illiterate ramblings you hear from any tory hate band wagoner , this should be leave for the column of heat magazine rather than a debate forum .
a study have find there be twice as many mix race people than report in the census .
around 2 % of british people be mix race .
couple with mass immigration , establish immigrant have children , and white flight .
the white british will all to soon dissapear , just another lost race in the page of a history book .
tony blair defend his immigration policy a couple of month back and i have to say i agree with him .
i 've always view immigration 's goal be to try change britain 's demographics and make it a fair society in the long run .
imo we have become a more mulitcultural nation , and and an ethnically richer diverse one at that which be necessary .
change the demographics be important for britain , it 's important for a lot of nation .
to those anti @-@ immigrant nationalist who hate this , look at obama , probably one of the most popular human being of all time , if not the most popular ever .
a lot of people like him for his charisma , his charm , his look , his speech even , i and many others also like him for his ethnicity ( sorry but i do it 's healthy for the world ) .
obama 's mix race background highlight humanities love for mix race people and our destiny to want to become mix race .
there be no doubt this be the way the world be go .
and obama as a figure head and his popularity prove that .
stun president .
so tony blair be right about immigration , and we be become more diverse thankfully , like america , because of it .
and maybe one day too we will have our own obama .
viva la difference .
thank you tony blair .
where tony blair and his government get it wrong be in underestimate the number who would migrate from the new country in the eu , and not then provide the resource to support this , for example in english language support in school .
for non @-@ eu migrant and those seek to live in the country , the support and resource to enable decision on their future to be make in a short period of time .
depends on if you believe blair do it for electoral reason or not .
immigration be good for a society , but open the floodgate like he do be quite frankly dangerous .
op spend a year in luton and tell us all of this .
besides , it 's funny how you talk about america like it 's improve lately .
it 's go down the toilet...........even more so by the day .
also , in reality , it 's not mix at all .
i promise you that obama be an anomaly .
most of america be about as mix race as roy chubby brown .
you mostly get concentrate ghetto with black people and then entire state full of white people .
obama be n't representative of anything .
as for blair , he only welcome all these new people because not him nor his mate have to live with them .
what do they care if you get new peckhams @/@ broadwater farm in other place ?
i think immigration level be high , and our past pm 's like gordon brown think that talk about high immigration be bigoted .
i have to say i disagree .
my father come from an immigrant background , and i dont think am bigoted for want to see lower immigration level .
i also think its stupid that our european friend can immigrate to britian and seek benefit , and deny them that would be against " human right "....according to the eu court of human right .
am i racist and bigoted for these view ?
no , say that immigration level be high be an observation and want lower immigration level be what many people want
everybody know the rate of immigration be too high but it 's not really what you say , just how you say it .
your belief do n't stem from believe your race be superior , or that immigrant or other race be inferior , but ' your racism ' be arguable in regard to prejudice , discrimination and antagonism ( also part of racism ) .
not say that you be , i be say that be open to question and have ground depending on how you go about these belief .
for example , if you make an unjust distinction of someone because they be an immigrant , not quite sure if that would make you a fully fledge racist , but it certainly would be discrimination .
basically there be a thin line .
suck but life be sometimes politically correct , but you have to learn to deal with it because you never know when you 're the one go to be on the other side of the spectrum .
ok , so i be still learn about how the free market/ global energy supply system work so please correct me if i be wrong , but here be my suggestion ;
all state service include social house , library , hospital , school , prison etc should be power by british energy only and everything the state use ( construction material , food etc ) should be british produce , grow and maintain by a british workforce .
alongside this , we open up the private sector to import and freedom of choice , luxury etc.
the private sector can do pretty much whatever it want but the state must be able to support itself with or without the boom and bust of the private sector .
people who choose to live on benefit ( rely on the state ) will only have access to british resource also .
( british grown ) food will be provide for survival as will house and energy but ( import ) luxury will not be available to those dependent on the state .
if people desire luxury , then they must work for it .
the idea be that the state pay ( modest ) salary for its worker who consume british energy ( retrieve this money through tax from british worker ) and british food/ material .
this would effectively create a system which circulate resource within the country rather than it be channel out into the hand of russian billionaires .
the energy will be supply through wind turbine position offshore around the british isle which be maintain by idle military personnel .
further , a production workforce will be employ by the state in factory to produce say material .
edit : why be everyone negging me ?
i 'm try to offer a solution to a problem .
and this will be pay for with what ?
so no library book from non @-@ british author ?
i think that demonstrate how quickly this idea be a fail .
also not too sure why you do n't think pensioner should be allow to buy themselves a bottle of champagne for their 80 th birthday party either .
that sound like an awful lot of government intervention .
your idea be crazy and would mean the death of the free market .
you have to let the free market work .
and then consider the burden on the tax payer....
the market should decide ,
if the people want british goods they will buy british goods .
if they want foreign goods they will buy those instead ,
it certainly be n't in the state interest to increase cost substantially by go exclusively for british goods of all kind ,
they should go for the cheapest best quality goods instead .
this be not a dictatorship .
you cannot force supplier to sell product for no profit
( they would simply move abroad where they can sell 100 % of their product at a profit ) .
thorium be a viable nuclear alternative and one which frankly we should already be adopt .
there be aspect of self reliance which would be good but on the whole protectionism be not a good long term policy to follow .
i 've really never understand this mentality .
here 's the crucial fact : we import more from other eu member state than we export to them .
any tariff they impose would hurt french , german , spanish and italian business more than it would hurt us .
the eu be fundamentally commit ( this be state in one of its treaty i believe ) to foster good relation and free trade with non @-@ member , especially those which maintain high standard of human right and democracy ( now ain't that ironic ) .
so if we leave the eu , we could negotiate free trade agreement individually with the union and its member ; we could join @/@ remain in the eec ; or we could join the efta ( eec @-@ lite ) .
we 'd have a range of option , all of which would keep our trade with europe strong and healthy .
will politician in germany and france want to stop brits from buy up their country ' bmws , mercs , audis , vws , peugeots , renaults , and so on ?
i very highly doubt it - not a vote @-@ winner .
as well as maintain our trade level , if we leave the eu we could save the several billion pound we donate to the eu each year , reduce immigration to more viable level , and shun some of the more overbear aspect of eu bureaucracy , all of which would benefit our economy substantially .
oh , and i forget to mention that it 's predict that the eu 's share of world trade and prosperity be go to massively decline over the come decade .
so why be everyone terrify of leave because of trade ?
the eu probably deflect as much trade as it create .
because we be part of the eu we trade more with member of the eu , such as germany , france , italy , spain , portugal , greece and ireland because we have a common market .
however what this mean be that we trade less with nation like china , brazil , india , japan and america .
i be not convince we want to attatch ourselves to the overly indebted nation of europe .
i would rather trade with the up and come emerge economy .
however as part of the eu you do get the appreciable benefit of free trade within the eu area .
however it be start to look like the member of the monetary union be go to try and exploit the common market member one eg . the tobin tax .
in the very long run i think be outside of europe and trade with the emerge economy , which will eventually become the big economy , be wise .
i agree with the europhiles that it 's important to trade and work together so the people of europe can collectively raise their standard of live , it 's just that the eu have prove to be a corrupt power hungry entity that have a socialist doctrine at it 's core so it 's not an ideal long term trade partner .
it 'd be like relying on the ussr to provide you with economic stability .
i need reason for why drug should not be legalised , any help please ?
i 'm for drug legalisation .
the government have absolutely no right to say what i can and can n't do with my body , as well as what i put in it .
we should be help those who use drug , not punish them .
you could make the point that by make drug legal and create potentially a bigger market for their use that food crop could be replace in develop country for drug crop much like the increase of demand for bio fuel have do , thus increase food price make impoverish people even poorer and increase inflation of food product which be bad for most consumer so drug actually have a massive impact on none drug user !
the problem with both of us be that neither of us specify which drug we be talk about .
some drug such as heroin be clearly awful - i certainly hope that you agree it be addictive and do harm others .
some drug have much less of a negative effect on the individual and other people around them .
cannabis be mentally addictive be still addiction .
the addiction may very well be weaker .
i agree , the government should help drug addict .
i believe that drug addict should be force to enrol on some sort of a program which be create to help them whether that would be in prison or otherwise .
( i also believe that smoke should be ban )
i think we 're all for legalize drug until you meet the poor guy @/@ gal who be n't from middle class @/@ higher class family and can n't afford rehab ( this come from a lower @-@ middle class guy ) who be sleep on the street in the winter in the snow before eventually die .
drug be n't good and be n't necessary , and ruin ton of people life .
i have use drug in the past and will probably do so sometime in the future , but it should n't be legalize .
everybody seem to forget about you know , the large amount of money spend in hospital treat drug user .
besides this , say the government should n't tell us what to do , well i hate every single politician , but use that arguement just make people sound like children .
perhaps reform , with more punishment on drug dealer would be good .
if you want to get philosophical , i will tell you what i believe to be the most detrimental effect of any recreational drug .
recreational drug cause euphoria .
hence , drug be an artificial substitute for a natural incentive that have evolve to motivate our species to do what necessary for it 's survival .
there be natural state in which human can experience these sensation .
we come with build in mechanism which produce these affect when appropriate .
this be ultimately why your body may produce some version of these chemical naturally .
these chemical reaction be usually trigger by behaviors which be positive in term of species propagation .
an example of such behaviors would be accomplish a task , or make a personal connection with another .
recreational drug be a waste because it be counter productive to nature , to society , and to your personal growth to have access to undeserved bliss .
if we be capable of produce a drug which induce intense euphoria , with no side effect , no adverse health risk , and be infinitely available , it would be catastrophic to our society .
it be easy for drug user to delude themselves into believe that the health risk be minimal when they be partying and have so much fun .
the biggest delusion of all be the one that most overlook .
we be not naturally meant to feel that good without achieve something to improve our existence .
i already know the kind of response i 'm go to get to this thread , almost by definition , because as far as i can tell you can split the english public into two group when it come to scottish independence ; a majority who do n't care above some vague notion that scotland probably cost them money , and a very vocal swivel eye unionist minority for whom scottish independence mark the begin of the end of their pseudo @-@ colonial ambition .
so i want to ask that crowd , and i already know they be go to be chomp at the bit to just click reply already , but i specifically want to know what it be you want out of the union ; i do n't want to hear about how scotland would be worse off somehow etc. etc. just why you want the uk to remain the uk and not split .
do it actually boil down to anything other than a perceive loss of prestige , the final nail in the coffin of britannia ?
i 'm english .
i think it would be nice if we stay unionised and strong .
but really , if scotland really want out , then let them **** off , because the whole point in such a union ( imo ) be that it 's voluntary and agreeable to all party .
scotland should remain as part of the union .
it serve nobody to break up one of the world 's oldest nation state .
all of the snp 's gripe can be solve by greater localisation - not by a pointless break up .
as for ' english people ' - the attitude generally seem to be one of ' let the scots decide , but i would be sad to see the unite kingdom dismantle .'
personally , i think it 's best to let the scots have their independence within 5 year , but before such plan be publish we should drill for all the oil they have and use it to pay off our debt .
after that if there be any remain debt they should be give around 1 @/@ 3 of it .
as i be write a post in another topic early about russia and their right to be a superpower , my mind ramble a bit and i start to wonder if great britain can ever become a political superpower on the international stage again .
90 year ago , the british empire be accountable for approximately 25 % of the entire world population , and britain have control of 25 % of the world landmass , therefore be able to completely dictate trade route and international relation .
a lot have change in 90 year , clearly .
in 2008 , great britian control very little in the way of overseas territory , and have a population of only 58,000,000 resident , many have move into the uk from other country .
we also seem to be lose the ability to defend ourselves politically , be subservient to the unite state in their quest to capture resource , and be a part of the european union , often have to accept group decision that the country do not agree with or benefit from in any way .
so , with all this in mind , can britain ever become a superpower again if desire ?
i know that we clearly will never compete with china in term of population , but be there any way to maximise the economic power of the nation in order to compete in term of financial position and ability to develop and expand faster and more sustainably than other nation ?
also , what would be the positive and negative for the general population if it ever be to happen ?
you could make a case for the uk be a financial superpower , we punch way above our weight politically and we have one of the best train militaries in the world .
yet superpower in the old sense of the word , basically be a colonial or military superpower , be something i think be out of our reach for very obvious and in my opinion desirable reason .
the best way the uk can stay on the world stage be do what it do now , be pretty much the top in the service industry .
the british empire be probably the greatest the world have ever know .
it be also one of the most brutal and morally abhorrent .
i think monopolistic power tend to corrupt and be almost invariably abuse .
anyway , we be a stable , wealthy country .
why do you care , ian ?
i hope this be n't some jingoist nonsense .
the fact be , it be n't go to happen .
yes it can .
whether it do become one remain to be see .
the next superpowers will be those who win the energy war .
that be those who develop the best and most efficient renewable @/@ readily accessible power source and be completely self sufficient on it .
possibly create a surplus .
in all honesty , i really see the eu be the next world super power in the next 70 year .
i mean we be get closer and closer to become a single ' state '.
i mean most of europe have the same currency , law and you do n't need a visa to travel between each country .
the numerous train operate company in britain make our rail system confuse .
they encourage high fare so that they can make profit , but do very little to invest in the network ultimatly leave britain with the highest rail fare in europe with one of the poorest service .
meanwhile , in other european country such as france and germany , the rail network be nationalised .
they benefit from low fare and quaility service compose of many ' high speed ' route .
privatisation in britain be suppose to encourage competition and therefore drive drown fare but i do n't see how competition on the railway work as each company usually have a monopoly on the route they serve
( eg . if you want to go from nottingham to london you can only use the east midland train )
so , do you think that we should re @-@ nationalise the railway and base the network on the french @-@ german model of low fare and high quality ? i certainly do !
we can n't afford it right now .
anyway if we have the money yes . not this idiotic subsidized monopoly
what happen to that company that walk away from one of it 's franchise a couple year back ?
i remember the government ( lord adonis i think ) say it be go to be punish , do anything ever happen ?
financially it may not be viable at present , but nationalisation ought to be a long term aim .
privatising the railway be arguably the worst thing the tories do .
in the meantime we need more regulation , especially with regard to fare , which be disgracefully high .
i support deregulation , and i be completely oppose to nationalisation .
in a time of economic downturn , you want to nationalise the rail network so the public sector ( who be already face with billion of pound worth of cut ) have to finance the entire network , include maintenance , investment and subsidy ? no thank !
deregulation or privatisation ftw.....or even just how it be right now....our rail network be n't that bad to be brutally honest ,
it get you from a to b , sure there might be a few delay before you get to c , but you 'll get there in the end
...and the tories be hop mad over it !
how long can cameron keep smooth the ruffled feather of his party ?
will this be the straw that break the coalition 's back ?
cleggy weggy claim a lot of thing .
it be n't really a lib dem victory , the general population be wholly against it from the begin .
nick should stick to weep to celine dion .
so we 've all be hear a lot about super @-@ injunction be litter all over the news , although one thing have struck me , that apply in almost all other european country apart from us : the defendant be always anonymous until proven guilty .
i think that until the defendant be prove to be guilty , they should be completely anonymous , to prevent false arrest get out into public and dent one 's reputation , as it be almost a form of defamation .
i do n't think it 's fair that case be so publicize , and should only be so open if the defendant do n't mind .
it be weird how people prove to be innocent be still hate because of the accuse crime , like the stigma of be call a paedophile even though it can literally happen to anyone and everyone .
would help if the media make a big thing about them be innocent , but most people be stupid generally , else this problem would not exist .
if you look at that joanna yeates case , everyone have decide that landlord be guilty up to the point where people hate him and the media be slaughter him .
turn out he be innocent .
not that the media owe him an apology or anything
fptp or av ?
supporter of each claim that the other will benefit " x @-@ treemists like da bnp ", but they can n't both be right .
can we find out here which vote system will benefit ( increase the power enjoy by ) small , " extreme " party like the bnp and green , with an explanation ?
do n't vote for av because you think it will help one party more than another .
vote for av because you think it will be more fair . if av result in more bnp mps , because more people in our country support the bnp , i think that 's fair enough .
we live in a democracy after all , people should be allow to vote for who they like and everyone 's vote should count .
honestly i hate these freak ' vote av and the tories won't get in ! ' argument , they 're so idiotic and not even true .
uk people @- who else here think we should use the single transferable vote as our electoral system ?
for those of you who do n't know what it be , i think stv be the main truly proportional system of elect mps .
candidate be number similar to av , but constituency be multi @-@ member so seat be allocate based on number of vote .
it 's the system use in eu election .
i 'm one of the few british tories who think we should use it , but what do you think ?
stv would be my ideal electoral system .
the whole constituency link issue would be less important if we have more localised politics .
i be sympathetic to stv , but then it seem that in the recent irish election it 's just as vulnerable to disproportionalities as fptp...
stv be far and above the most fair system in my opinion .
representative + constituency link maintain .
what more could you ask for !
invade libya .
think about it , what do britain have that there be a potentially lucrative demand for ?
the answer , a well train and heavily equip military , which although short on number at the moment , could easily be bolster in a very short period of time .
the libyan rebel be cry out for assistance in overthrow gadaffi , so i say we make them an offer .
we 'll send an army of 100,000 troop to take tripoli , and in return they will provide us with a promise of a fee - say , 30 % of all libyan oil revenue for the next 15 year .
so not only will the invasion create british job , take people off the street , provide invaluable battle @-@ field experience and be self @-@ financing....it could actually be profit make !
a 30 % stake of all libyan oil revenue over the next 15 year could be worth ten of billion of pound .
it 's just a shame that with clegg and the lib dems in a position of power , this left @-@ wing @/@ anti @-@ military coalition would never go for it .
bp and such british company be already in libya and have be for year .
drastic action like you suggest will just form a beacon for all extremeists in africa to come to libya to kill british citizen
100,000 troop there 's barely that many soldier and officer in the entire army , most of whom be not frontline but rather logistics , intelligence , engineer personnel and so forth .
you 'd have to start give sailor and aircrew rifle and combat gear .
we be do enough as it be in libya , anything further we can do must be humanitarian ( supply medical and food supply to misrata , for example ) or logistical ( supply train and weapon to the rebel in ajdabiya so they stop suck )
op i think you underestimate how long it would take to train and equip 100,000 soldier then all the logistics and other such thing that an army would need .
if you be go to do it well i 'd say at least 5 to 10 year .
especially if you be do it to the standard of the british army .
i 'm not insult politician here ; i 'm defend them for once .
i always feel that people be impossible to please when it come to how politician appear in public .
take the tv debate for example : everyone hate dave 's " down with the people " and " i meet a black man the other day..." act , but at the same time , have he remain aloof and fail to engage with anyone , he would have aggravate another group of people , and be call a toff even more .
another example be that recent departure lounge picture , which everyone decry as a fake .
again , it 's a lose lose situation : some say it be stage publicity , which be bad ; others say it be genuine , but the whole holiday be a pathetic attempt to pretend that " we 're all in it together "; others still would doubtless complain if dave flew off first class to a five star resort instead of use ryanair to go to some four star place in spain ( or wherever it be ) .
this be n't unique to the tories , those be just the example which sprang to mind .
sometimes i find satire a bit annoy , because it mean that politician can never seem to do anything right .
i wish people would keep the debate on policy and ability @/@ desire to deliver them , not who 's a toff or who 's fly which airline or holiday in which place , or use certain mannerism to respond to question .
just my random rant two cent .
yep , i feel extremely sympathetic to politicans .
i know quite a few personally and almost all of them be actually , dispite the hype , really good people !
they get hold to a higher standard than almost anyone else , seem loathe for do a very , very tough job and often for do what people claim they want them to do...
well , you know , i doubt whether some of these " hard work " politician would last very long if they have to work on a build site carry brick or steel gurders for 10 hour a day , or even work a 9 @-@ 5 carry heavy frozen meat produce from one cage to another 7 day a week .
i 'm sick and tired of this wishy washy social justice nonsense that the lib dems be inflicting on her majesty 's government .
what the country need be a tory government .
a proper tory government that will not be afraid to stand up for free market , hard work , britishness , israel and our military .
i hope to god the av referendum return a big fat no so that this horrid leave wing coalition can be return to the dust and we can finally get on with real , tory leadership ( thank to first past the post , of course ) .
what have first past the post get to do with have a tory government ?
the problem for the tories be n't the electoral system its that they do n't have enough widespread support in the electorate .
we have first past the post last time , the country be on its knee and we have have 13 year of labour government , with labour 's popularity at rock bottom .
but still the tories do n't have enough support to get a majority under fptp .
now the tories be face the unpopularity of government and labour be ahead on the opinion poll .
the lib dem vote will collapse but i bet more of their vote go to labour @/@ green than it do the tories .
i think the uk be a broadly tory nation up till the 1990 s but since then it have turn against them , they have their lowest ever day in the mid @-@ late 1990 s and early 2000 s , even since they 've have an upturn on the back of a labour government run into problem , they 've not be able to build a broad base of support in the country like macmillan or thatcher do .
the tories do n't get a majority because labour fix the boundries .
labour get a majority in 2005 with 9.6 million vote but the tories come short in 2010 despite have 1.1 million more vote than this .
some analyst reckon the tories need just another 15,000 vote to get that majority .
i would have vote based on what i think be best for the country .
if i honestly think labour could solve the problem , despite all my problem with them , i would have vote labour .
but that be n't the case .
but a lot of labour voter i know/ have meet , have tell me that they vote labour because ' tories only care about the rich '.
and that be it , you ask them why they think that and....nothing .
or another common reason ' tories will take away ema and give the moeny to the rich '.
well yes , they take away ema , but ema be a stupid system anyway , unfair and put in place by the labour government to try and make unemployment figure look better .
most labour voter i know in real life vote for them either out of ignorance and view inherit from their parents/peers .
or because they want their pocket directly line .
now , i know this be n't the case for all labour voter , hell there be some intelligent one on tsr , who vote for labour for decent reason , and though i disagree i respect them for that .
i just feel that labour get a lot of vote from the reverse @-@ snob work class in area like mine .
so they can quite literally do anything , and people will still vote for them over the tories .
i 'm fairly right wing , but i do n't think a full on tory government be what anyone want .
this be a centrist country and the government should reflect that .
i 'd like it if we elect very socially liberal government all the time ( to the point of legalising and tax all narcotic ) , but i know that won't happen .
i 'd like withdrawl from the eu , but that won't happen .
politics in most democratic country do usually hover around the centre .
apart from the us , but that 's a cultural thing really .
as a labour party supporter , i disagree with the cut that the coalition government be currently make .
they be go too far , too fast .
their policy of contractionary fiscal policy create a substantial risk of the uk slip back into recession , which mean consumer confidence will begin to fall even further , as people will be more likely to save , which lead to less money be pump into the economy , ie . a fall in aggregate demand .
with current level of unemployment very high , job loss will be the consequence of these harsh , unnecessary cut through the coalition government 's contractionary fiscal policy .
on the other hand , labour 's policy of expansionary fiscal policy mean that although the budget deficit will increase , a significant number of job will be create , aggregate demand will increase , which mean an increase in consumer confidence , therefore household income will increase , which may result in taxpayers move into a higher tax band , which lead to an increase in government revenue from taxation .
if we carry on with the current rate of cut , we will reverse to the 1980 's , make the poorest poor , and the rich rich , same old tories !
cut need to be make at a steady pace , with the budget deficit dealt with once the economy be full steam ahead .
all view , opinion and thought be more than welcome
definately pro @-@ cut , even though the wife lose her job , she still agree with the cut , it 's for the good of the country as a whole
pro cut for me to because if you invest in the public sector like labour would it mean your get growth based on debt which doesnt work then we 'll eventually have the same problem again and run out of other people money to spend .
the only way you can have growth be by private investment .
i 'm not against the cut per se .
i 'm just against the reform that be go to cost as much to implement as they save and be do for ideological rather than financial reason .
cut be more or less inevitable , even if i do n't necessarily agree with what , when , where , how and why .
it make me cringe that the government be cut fund for the british people , and yet somehow fund the military to rain cluster of bomb over foreign people !
to be honest as much as everyone dislike them i do n't see any other political party put forward a decent proposal
this country literally have no money and be in huge amount of debt
i 'm against the increase in uni fee though , on the whole i do realise that university fee do have to increase , but treble them within the space of a year be far too much
i apologise in advance if there be something similar to this thread , but this be a topic that have interest me recently and would just like to hear your view on the matter .
i 'm a british pakistani , born and bring up in london , however i would say i be very much in touch with my root and my view lean more towards the traditional and conservative side .
recently i watch a documentary by saira khan ' don't tell my mother i be in pakistan ', make a few year ago , yet a very interesting watch .
i have be on holiday to pakistan a fair amount of time , and have traveled throughout the country , so i think i have a pretty accurate idea of the country as a whole and it 's people .
however , after watch the documentary and various other programs and film on pakistan i be absolutely shock .
i may be wrong when i say this , but be pakistan not found as a muslim state , yet only 64 year on and i do n't think the country match the vision it be initially create with .
it seem that the higher class be obsess with imitate and adopt western culture , in a sense it boost their superiority complex .
i actually find it shock , that most family who move to england in the 60 's like my grandfather have manage to maintain that cultural pride and certain tradition that have be lose among certain group of people in pakistan .
drink be a common practice with the upper class society and personally i find it quite upset , it seem as if pakistan be move in the opposite direction @- the rich become more obsess with western culture and the less well off be neglect further .
also whilst i 'm on this topic , have anyone see the film ' slackistan ' and what be your view ?
thank for read my thought !
liberalization be move in the opposite direction ?
personally , any nation 's judiciary system that be in anyway influence by objective morality scripture and superstition have no place in the 21 st century .
while i can understand your sentiment that be undesirable for tradition to be dismantle , ever since the fall of the wall in 1989 , liberal democratic value have spread ( end of history , fukuyama , 1992 ) and that do not preclude ( just yet ) the sovereign state whom be conform to islamic teaching as their rule of law .
western culture give people individuality and let them choose whether to follow conservatism or choose their own destiny and the right to enjoy any liberty they desire ( as long as it do n't harm anybody else ) .
i think it be the right direction that western culture ( unforced ) be spread , it give a common ground for different culture to interact , promote tolerance and allow people to pick their own way of life .
i do n't see that be a problem .
and that 's a bad thing why ?
westernisation = progress .
imitate the most developed country in the world be n't really a bad thing .
pakistan be found on the basis that muslims feel their interest would not be guard by a hindu government , not as some spiritual muslim homeland .
as it be , i 'd hardly say pakistan be ' western ', what with it 's blasphemy law , it 's constant conflict with india , conservative populace , tacit fund and support for various islamist organisations .
i think rather than worry about the populace , worry about yourself .
who be you to judge people if they wish to drink alcohol , or watch western tv ?
also , as you bemoan the west . it 's worth remember you would n't have have a country without us
i simply do n't get why iran be such a huge threat .
they be merely retaliate to whatever our politician throw at them !
" if iran change course , abandon its nuclear weapon ambition , and life up to its international obligation , it will be welcome back into the community of nations."...
as a weak country with no big weapon to defend its people..
yeh right , they 're so on board with that !
all the huge country that be bully iran into submission right now with sanction and what not have nuclear weapon ?
how on earth be this fair ?
all the sanction be affect ordinary iranians !
soar food prices/ fuel...
why be the world do nothing ? !
do we want iran to become the next north korea ?
this be totally unacceptable !
not to mention the meddle we have be do inside iran for the past 100 year or so... install the shah.. overthrow democratic governments...
hey israel , how about you assassinate some more iranian scientist ?
absolutely degrade behaviour by the west , no wonder they hate us !
because they have a pretty crazy guy at the head of their goverment - who 's develop nuclear weapon .
not to mention the grudge they have against the west .
they have a bad history of blow thing @/@ people they dont like up...
negs , quaint... be you all dispute irans know history of terrorism or be you all moron ?
because mahmoud ahmadinejad be a maniac .
what kind of history do the us have then ?
dont remember iran start a war the last..lets say 2500 year ?
that be a tongue in cheek remark i wasnt be entirely serious .
largely rhetoric to lie the groundwork to get support for the war .
this be n't do properly before go to war in iraq and we have people oppose to it from the start , also go in with mix message ' its about wmd and a bit about regime change ' look bad when there be n't any wmd there .
so we need to go in from the start say with iran it 's about regime change , ahmedinijad be bad , he do n't respect womens right or whatever otherwise you will have the same situation if we say its about nuclear weapon and then go to war and do n't find any nuclear weapon .
i can understand the argument that nuclear proliferation be bad and any of these state have nuclear weapon be not desirable as it just lead to proliferation in the region , but that argument should have be use against pakistan and israel get nukes .
people say iran have nukes be a risk because terrorist might be able to get hold of nuclear material...
well hello...pakistan have them .
remember when we go in to take out bin laden we could n't tell the pakistani government for fear that bin laden would have be tip off and escaped...
that hardly fill me with confidence that they should be allow to have nuclear weapon .
the problem with these ' resolution ' targeting iran be that everyone can see the hypocrisy , its a case of our ally can have nukes but others can n't .
a much better resolution would have be a hard resolution on non proliferation and disarmament in the region , which mean india and pakistan have to disarm and israel have to disarm , and any move by any country in the region towards get nuclear weapon would be meet by international air strike .
i could definitely support that as a non proliferation treaty .
i 've heard story of pakistanis , indians , bengalis , filipinos , iranians and arabs with african root be racially abuse in place like saudi arabia , uae , bahrain and so on...
are you a non @-@ arab minority live in the middle @-@ east , or do you know someone who do ?
do you feel that the problem of racism be a big or a small one in comparison to place like america ( the southern state in particular )?
it 's not so much racist , as it be ' classist '.
people from india , pakistan , and so on often work as maid , driver , etc. in the middle east .
they do n't abuse you because you 're a certain skin color , they abuse you because they think you 're some servant that barely make any money and should be grateful for be there .
yes , there be racism in some arab country in the middle east .
if you be from pakistan , india , bangladesh or any country that be n't very rich then you be mostly treat like crap .
however , if you be british , or from the us or any other rich european country then they treat you really well .
indians in particular be treat badly , there be indian maid and they be often hit by the house wife if they for example make a small mistake or sometimes they be hit with no reason .
i have relative who live in one of those rich middle eastern country and as far as i know they tell me that some of them whilst at school have experience racisms from children for example one of them a girl be call black and ugly and that her hair be bad but the teacher do n't do anything about it , they be racist themselves .
i have to admit i be really quite worry about russia..
in the mainstream media and popular consciousness the big doomsday scenario mainly centre around iran and china , obviously both of those be grossly misrepresent , the idea of a us @-@ chinese war for example be objectively absurd and no serious commentator pay it any attention , it 's really just a propaganda tool and an exciting subject for video game .
the situation in iran have the ability to cause a lot of misery in the middle east but again , iranian leader be really quite self aware , they know what they be do , and there be near enough no risk to the world at large even if they do acquire nuclear weapon of them actually use them , although we as simple peasant obviously need to believe that and go along with our government because if iran do become a nuclear power then it will have a lot more independence and influence in the region and that obviously can n't be tolerate .
anyway , russia , it seem to me , be the real potential doomsday scenario here .
almost all the condition of wiemar germany be present ; economic downturn , unemployment , a recent history of loss of empire , rise nationalism and xenophobia .
and just like germany there be a hard turn to the far right by the country 's middle class and the rise of egomaniacal leader who be already undermine what little democracy there have be in russia .
there be even putin youth league harass opponent above the law .
you have the ultra nationalist and deeply racist cossack tribe , highly militant , extremely aggressive and become more and more mobilised , convince that the time have come for mother russia and that x , y and z ethnic/religion/political group be responsible for the loss of russia 's glory and therefore must be eliminate .
just like germany be , russia still be a major military power , a nuclear one , and with enormous economic potential .
honestly when you think about it it really do look just.. terrify .
am i miss something here ?
can anyone explain further or recommend some read ?
yes , russia do have huge problem with neo @-@ nazi ideology ( which be kind of ironic give the history of russia ) .
it 's military be pretty brutal as well - see chechnya .
russia regularly interfere in it 's neighbour ( such as the ukraine and the invasion of georgia when it become too western ) , but i do n't think it have much power beyond that , that be n't to say that they would n't if they could .
but they be hem in by china , europe and the unite state .
there be a lot of bitterness about how ex @-@ ussr state have become part of ' the west ' ( like poland and estonia for example ) .
what specifically be you concern about ?
it be n't go to invade europe again if that 's what you be concern about .
i mean they help the invasion of afghanistan and putin ask to join nato .
their close " western " ally be france and italy ( and they be close ) .
russia be n't really that close to any major power .
i disagree with this , at least not without huge structural change .
it have terrible future demographics ( with no available fix through immigration ) and be totally dependent on export oil and gas - as well as be run by corrupt oligarch ( who make western corporatism look non @-@ corrupt and benevolent ) .
i think russia be pretty neutral about most international affair now , so i do n't see the big worry .
russia have be reduce to nothing but a peripheral country that condemn whatever resolution the west put forward .
the russian government be pretty bad , but their opposition be worse .
the leader of the second largest party in russia , the communist party , want russia to be " re @-@ stalinised ".
the third largest party , the liberal democrat , be pretty nutty too .
first off , a disclaimer of sort , these be my opinion based on news report and a little research around the topic so i apologise if my fact be wrong or inaccurate .
like the title say i welcome thought either on my opinion , or on the matter in question .
anyone who follow the news will have hear in amidst all the " eu crisis " there be an issue grow between the west and the middle east .
specifically iran and its attempt at a nuclear program , where iran hope to gain nuclear power for peaceful purpose ( iran 's statement ) .
the us and eu however believe that iran be use this nuclear program to develop and obtain nuclear weapon claim they have " information suggest iran have carry out test relevant to the development of a nuclear explosive device ".
due to this the us and eu have impose sanction on iran involve limit on the oil buy from iran which in turn decrease their economy and other sanction of similar consequence .
right now that that 's do i can state my opinion , please correct anything i have put that be wrong !
my opinion in short be this , the us and eu have no right to impose sanction on iran and to deter their nuclear program .
however , i be very oppose to iran gain nuclear weapon and threaten ww3 and in fact i be oppose to any country have nuclear weapon .
the only argument the us and eu have be that iran be not a stable country at the moment and a unstable country should n't be able to kill million at the touch of a button .
however for them to tell another country what they can n't have , when they have nuclear weapon themselves be nothing except hypocrisy .
from iran 's point of view , one could argue that our government be unstable with new leader every 4 year with differ opinion and view .
what right do we have to dictate what another country can and cannot do .
i think that 's the essence of my argument , and i accept that the " iran instability " be a big part of the sanction .
thank you for read and i hope i 'm not completely ignorant here !
why do country not have a right to tell others what to do ?
people tell each other what to do all day every day , why should country be exempt ?
of course , iran have every right to say " no ", but then those other country have every right to refuse to trade with them .
though i do n't believe we should have nuclear weapon either - it 's not hypocritical as such .
have a new leader every 4 year do n't make a country unstable ( otherwise irans single leader would be highly stable ) .
most country who have nuclear weapon now can be trust not to abuse them - iran cannot .
regardless , i personally do n't think world security should be hold back just because someone be worry about be a bit hypocritical .
i believe that the only reason why american gun sight have be train on iran be because of their decision to switch from petro @-@ dollar ( american ) to the gold standard or something similar .
this would would have a detrimental effect on the american economy , or practically any economy that relies on the dollar as a currency and as a result , the already weak american economy would lose it 's lead place .
all the other aspect , nuclear power and oppressive regime be just a side issue .
this be demonstrate time and time again when saddam switch to euros in 2000 and gaddafi want to switch to the gold standard before he be topple .
the eu also want something similar and i do n't know what happen to that .
there be still no evidence against iran .
the iaea have be in many time .
all we have be suspicion .
also the iaea publish the name of all iraqi nuclear scientist be rather sinister .
they very well knew this be like gold dust to israel and america ie assassination target . impartiality ?
i think not .
the hypocrisy argument get nowhere , but most fail to understand the double standard suggest an ulterior motive , at the least a lack in credibility of the west .
israel have illegally obtain and continue to have a nuclear arsenal , not to mention the innumerable un violation against it 's neighbour , yet it be metaphorically scot free to do as it please .
it 's like they be play poker : the political leadership of israel / us and iran seem to me more likely to " go all in " rather than back down and fold or negotiate .
i think it 's a while off yet .
iran be have a decent time trade with the east , and try to stick two finger up to the west .
neither side want 's to jepordise their economic security by engage in what will be a costly and deadly military action .
i think the only problem will come if and when iran stop allow nuclear inspection , or when the un/nato/the west decide that there be a high probability that iran be near realisation of weaponised nulcear material .
i personally find russia 's behaviour at the un this week to be absolutely disgust .
apparently they 're threaten to veto a resolution on syria if it do not explicitly rule out foreign military intervention .
the text have already be ' water down ' to omit the demand that assad step down , yet again to appease the kremlin .
every day nearly 100 innocent civilian be be massacre by the fascist government in syria ( at a far quick rate than those palestinians who have die at the hand of israel ) .
but where be the demonstration ?
where be the ' blood for oil ' and ' victory to the intifada ' moron ?
where be the hysterical student compare medvedev to hitler and assad to an ss commandant ?
where be the russian flag be display next to swastika ?
where be michael moore 's film condemn these indiscriminate murder ?
where 's the public outcry about russian veto and unilateralism ( a criticism routinely employ - rightly - against the unite state when it veto resolution on israeli aggression )?
so many have be kill that the un have give up try to count casualty , and yet we have a clique of barbarian and mafia crook in moscow hold the world hostage over this issue .
russia be renovate a military base in syria , have arm deal worth billion , infrastructure and energy deal .
russian oil , gas and steel company have substantial interest in syria include an arab gas pipeline , gas process plant , deal with national syrian oil company and oil exploration there .
russia want stability and a friendly regime to ensure the security of their interest , so they back assad .
that 's russia for you .
nevertheless , assad would be lucky if he survive this year .
it 's a similar situation to libya .
the rebel need help with the big military target , but when it come to grind operation , they be more than capable of handle the situation .
if you wish to understand russia 's reason , know its national interest .
in this case arm contract worth $ 4 billion be a national interest .
no way be they go to let that go down the drain if they can do something about it .
nor be they will to lose face by openly support the syrian regime .
they will just exercise their un privilege and keep sneak the promised weapon into syria one way or the other and keep cash in on the opportunity .
personally , i do n't think they would start ww3 if iran be attack , because they have more to lose , and they 'd probably just do thing like supply weapon etc...
any one else have an opinion on this ?
if ww3 do break out , we know we can go to greenland or egypt
good to see china back the iranians .
whilst i think the prospect of ww3 be a slight bit of over kill the chinese do have a point in that the west be in no position to meddle in iranian affair least of all at this stage
china hey dude , sup
iran hows it goin bro
china yeh just u no how u like killin your own peep just like i do ?
iran yeh lol
china let like hang out together n attack ppl who try to stop us killin our peep
iran sure thing bro
china would eventually lose .
anyone , watch any of the gop republican presidential debate , as you can see the media pathetic effort for pretend that ron paul do n't exist .
ron paul be right on every level but the mainstream media do not want him to get as much talk time as other puppet such as rick santo rum and mitt romney
i 'm in .
he be amaze , the only person who can take the usa forward .
however , he appear to be lose steam as a result of the time of florida and s. carolina .
do you realise that ron paul would disapprove of the video in your sig vehemently ?
probably , but then due to the fact it 's get more space , the usa do n't have the same problem with muslims as europe do .
also , the usa 's biggest problem at the moment be an economic one .
people be say this everywhere now and the consequence be unknow .
could this really happen ?
only if ron paul doesnt become president then there will be war .
the u.s. have n't the capacity to commit to a full @-@ scale war with iran at present if one keep in mind its quite significant pre @-@ exist commitment , the state of the economy , and the strength of iran 's defensive capability - targeted strike( s ) seem more likely , or perhaps greater action by israel , but i doubt that .
why be the unite kingdom allow asma assad and her three children to remain in the uk ?
i know she be born and raise in london , but do you think that the uk be as anti @-@ assad as it claim ?
one word , three letter , two vowel , one consonant .
oil
but there be sanction on oil export ?
i know this sound too nice but it 's maybe because a person family should not suffer for the ' crime ' of an individual .
she 's british i think .
we 've be hear a lot in the news about iran and its threat to shut the straight of hormuz , and how western country ( e.g . the uk , the usa and france ) , but how be the country around the straight react to the threat ?
as i cant seem to find anything on how country such as oman , iraq the uae be react .
wild speculation be welcome here
this be backwards .
it 's not a threat , it 's a response to the threat of others , e.g " attack us and we 'll close the strait of hormuz ".
there be nothing for other country to respond to .
they be the would @-@ be aggressor .
unfortunately most tsr'rs be too brainwash to see that .
just so stupid .
iran 's the only one with the ball to stand up to israel/usa .
if they fall due to the surround country go against them , then they 'll continue remain sheeps and it won't be long till they 're topple themselves .
i support saudi 's arm up though , as i do for all muslim nation , weapon may be useful in future .
the islamic republic only exist in part because of israel .
israel sell almost one billion $ of arm to the islamic republic during the iran @-@ iraq war and provide load of military aid ( this be while israel be apparently a suppose sworn enemy ) , train and even helpfully remove iraq 's nuclear capacity in operation opera ; where if saddam have develop nuclear weaponry he would have undoubtedly use against iran .
did you know that there be a camp just outside tehran of israeli tactician aid khomeini and co against iraq for the whole of the conflict with iraq ?
the islamic republic owe an awful lot to israel - it enable it to survive against saddam and continue the war with iraq ( by continue the war this enabled it to solidify it 's position by kill thousand and thousand of iranian democrat and other member of the opposition - as well as terrorising the population ) .
do n't forget that iran support america when they invade afghanistan and iraq as well .
these be the fact :
in the west , it be threaten by iraq , in which us force be still present
in the east , afghanistan have at least 100,000 us troop alone
south @-@ east , pakistan which have nuclear arm , corrupt official and be a us ally
all around be arab country with friendly tie to the us who keep rally for the ' head to be cut off the snake '
north @-@ west , turkey , nato ally
north @-@ east contain refuel station for us millitary vehicle in turkmenistan
who be really be threaten here ?
sorry to inform you : that be exactly why we would go to war :p
as nice as it would be for country like the usa and the uk to be over there to help , the truth be we would n't interfere if it be n't for the oil and other economic and political gain .
if they do restrict the straight it will will cause a massive decrease in the amount of oil to the west ( 40 % of import oil come from the straight accord to a figure i see on the news ) , and our economy would greatly suffer...
we would in that situation definitely cause a big commotion .
i highly doubt there would be a ww3 , but i do know for certain that the big country and supper power would go to war due to globalisation and economic link .
in australia the poor quality of local broadcaster 's international news seem to have completely baffle the general population as to exactly what be go on , the coverage be utterly appeal to be honest and regularly confuse their nuclear programs and their attempt to blockade the strait of homuz .
politically the general gist of thing be that the current labor government be stuck between suck up to the unite state and therefore get embroil in any potential conflict ( hmas parramatta be presently off somalia under nato command and could get draft in should military action commence ) and the fact that the green now have control over them through their control of the senate and their single lower house seat ( hung parliament for you ) and of course be very anti @-@ war , anti @-@ nato and anti @-@ anzus .
the ultimate result will be down to who be prime minister when such a situation occur , accord to the union they intend to fire gillard next month and replace her with kevin rudd yet again who be extremely pro @-@ china and less align with the unite state although he will probably suck up to obama as well .
the opposition will attempt to counter any potential for enter the war with statement such as " they 'll be iranian boatpeople " cause national panic and further hatred of innocent refugee potentially lead to an early election and a coalition ( liberal @-@ national ) government be form who will support the war to a degree but otherwise will be to focused on nauru which be the main aim of their entire foreign policy .
over these past two year , i have notice an increase amount of anti @-@ iranian news report which have culminated in the recent attack on the british embassy with both country expel our respective diplomat .
it now seem certain to me that within the next decade the u.k and u.s.a among others will be involve in a fully fledge war against iran .
throughout history , the expel of diplomat have usually meant one thing and when this be couple with the arab spring alongside general unrest for a long period in iran , it seem inevitable we be head towards another war .
as a general question , i would like to ask others to see what you think ?
are we go to war , what can we do to avoid this and just in general for people to air their opinion on another war in the middle east .
p.s. just to clarify i be neither anti nor pro war , this be just a launch pad for a discussion .
given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran .
would't be shock if they use nukes either tbh
that be a big claim ,
it would quite an amaze escalation if israel use nuclear bomb on iran .
i know , however israel be go to know that if they strike iran iran will hit back .
conventional weapon may not even be able to hit some of the fortified facility either .
the idea of a single debilitate strike on iran that will stop it ever be able to strike back be go to be very very tempt for israel .
and depending on which way the american election go american support may not be forthcoming if someone like ron paul get elect
if they have @/@ get nukes , no one 's invade iran .
i personally think it would be cool , israel might have to think twice before carry out major bombings in palastine etc.
there will always be that deterrant if iran get nukes .
of course not but the question be fast become not will israel strike but when and how .
a conventional strike on iran be go to raise massive geopolitical consequence too . include huge damage to the world economy and the possible destruction of israel .
bit of a novice at economics but i be wonder , after kim jong @-@ il 's death why be the stock market in asia @/@ korea fall ;
be they anticipate something ? thank
this will hopefully herald the end of socialism as we know it as people will realise that it be doom to fail .
just lead to insecurity in market
you look at koreas neighbour china , south korea etc all major player in the world economy .
im sure some dirty banker have vest interest also .
but whose to say it be kim jong bring down the market .
with the primary quickly approach i think it would be a good idea to have a thread on everything relate to the 2012 election .
who do people think will be the republican nominee ?
who do you think have the best chance of beat obama ?
for me it seem that it be go to come down to a two @-@ way race for the nomination between romney and gingrich .
i can n't see any of the others get the nomination .
romney probably have a better chance than gingrich of beat obama .
there be now a poll .
if you do n't think any of the candidate can beat obama then that go under ' other '.
i personally would like to see ron paul be the nominee , but backmouth probably have better chance of become a tsr mod than this happen .
the republican will probably go with romney over newt gingrich .
it be a shame that scandal have hit herman cain because he have promise .
i be an independent voter and my opinion be that who ever the republican nominee be , they probably won't be willing to do what 's necessary for the u.s. economy if elect .
if obama be reelected he definitely won't be willing to do what 's necessary for the economy .
i hope most other independent feel the same .
i 'd be happy with anyone but obama who want nothing less than our economy 's complete demise and be clearly anti @-@ israel .
what do everybody think about the possibility of go to war with iran ?
the us be make move encourage a very likely chance of war !
do you think it will happen ?
do you think it should happen ? discuss...
mark my word . no other country will attack iran except for israel , with perhaps military support in term of intelligence from the us/uk .
the uk do not have the mean to carry out an attack on iran . -
forget the fact that the us/uk/nato would never get the support from the international community to carry out an attack .
israel ? they can do what they want .
what be people view on the current british occupation of ireland .
should it be free from their imperialist grip etc....?
what do you 's think of the current arm struggle ?
was the war involve the ira and inla a success or a failure ?
and what be your view on those try to establish a socialist republic in ireland ( not the guerilla army 's )?
i really do n't think anyone in britain care much about ireland .
i do n't think many people really understand why you insist on murder each other either .
ireland need to overcome its grip of alcohol .
first , britain no long occupy the southen 26 state .
the idea of an arm struggle be preposterous , even to strong nationalist the idea of free healthcare , a stronger economy and less corrupt politics make war even more ridiculous .
currently those in the ira be terrorist fight a pointless war they 'll never win .
socialism be in itself a fair theory for government , yet no country have establish a socialist republic that be superior to the current democracy
the law of return give jewish people and those who half jewish on their mother 's side the right to become israeli citizen .
this be a ridiculous sexist and racist law that nation around the world should oppose .
britain be now refuse to give aid to country who discriminate against gay , we must now do the same to sexist and racist nation .
a number of state world wide have similar discrimination , however we deem israel as a modernised civilize society .
israel must set an example to these less develop nation by scrape this outrageous policy .
what if the government say all people of european heritage be free to become british citizen would we call them racist ?
israel be a jewish state , specifically .
create for the jewish people , do n't seem that odd that if you 're jewish you 're allow citizenship .
judaism be pass through the mother ( a jewish mother make you a full blood jew , not half jewish ) that 's how judaims work .
so it 's not that sexist per se it simply follow the jewish law of inheritance .
other religion be pass soley through the father , be they sexist too ?
make aaliyah be n't exactly a small step...
and as soon as you 're a citizen if you 're under 40 ( 35 for women ) you will have to join the idf .
i just do n't think it 's that shock or appal .
also , they have a very good refugee policy - they 'll take pretty much anyone who be flee for safety .
country be free to make up immigration rule as they please .
it happen here in the u.k and around the world .
for example if my grandfather be a british citizen born in the u.k , who then move and marry a none british citizen , and they then have my mother outside of the u.k , my mother would still be eligible for citizenship .
however if my mother then marry a non brit and give birth to me outside of u.k i would no longer be eligible for citizenship as citizenship right only extend one generation in the uk .
however if it be ireland instead of the u.k i would still be eligible for citizenship if my grandfather be irish .
so i would be irish if my grandfather be irish , but i would not be british if my grandfather be british .
be this discriminatory ? yes..
but immigration law by their very nature be discriminatory , that be their whole purpose , to discriminate who be and who be n't allow into a country .
all nation have them and they all tend to be different ( which be normal consider different nation have different culture , tradition and custom ) , it just so happen that in israel the requirement be that your mother be @/@ be jewish , it be different to requirments in other country but it be no less valid .
read the newspaper today you may have see an article regard a teenager call tariq aziz .
he be part of a scheme organised to document the effect of drone strike , he be give a camera .
on his way to his aunt house he and his 12 year old cousin be slaughter by an illegal cia drone strike .
what the **** be wrong with america ?
who will go to ****ing court because of this ?
no @-@ one cos its america , and they be clearly above the law because they have money .
how the **** can america complain about palestinian home @-@ make rocket when they 're use drone without a care in teh world ?
why do america have the right to ****ing attack anywhere its want without any accountability ?
it 's not a bloody cod killstreak .
why when they kill civillians do they have the cheek , to quote the time article to say ' they 're have be no collateral damage in drone attack ' when accord to the time again there be picture of incinerate young children ?
now do you understand why many people , especially muslims have a gripe against the americans ?
at least most muslims be sane , unlike the american goverment who just can n't seem to stop commit terrorist act .
i 'm sorry for the swear , i 'm not one to usually swear , but the cia et al be a joke .
why the negs ?
the kill of this and several other innocent be okay ?
if iran sent a little drone to america and do the samething , what would the ramifcations be ?
what would the outcry be like..?
op i suggest that you watch the documentary ''secret pakistan'' on bbc iplayer and then come back to argue .
this suppose ally of the usa be train and prepare innocent afghan children who be too young to understand islam properly to go into a busy afghan bazaar to blow up innocent afghan civilian .
this be what pakistan deserve for fund lunatic islamic rebel since the the 1960 s against any afghan government that have exist .
it be the price pay for the two million dead afghans during the soviet occupation and the civil war which porkistan fund .
the truth be , every time these drone hit , they kill maybe 10 % terrorist ( at max ) and 90 % civilian .
each of this civilian be a real human with real emotion , not just a statistic .
for instance , a 10 year old kid see their father blown to piece , you expect them to love the americans ?
they become radicalised and ready to murder americans at any cost .
america strategically target civilian so they have a reason to stay there due to further radicalisation of youth .
i try to watch the program " secret pakistan " but the question i keep ask be why ?
in the first ten - twenty minute they never explain why pakistan would want to double cross .
now do n't get me wrong there will be people within the intellilgence who be double cross and have a secret agenda .
but to the highest level as a whole why would the government want such destabilisation from all angle .
the president be corrupt and money hungry but i would say that there be plenty of easier way for him to do that if he so please and put the country into turmoil and him in a terrible light would surely be foolish .
and re the whole drone thingn i really struggle to understand how they can be justify at all .
when lot of people in usa die in 2001 they feel angry , agrieved and wwant revenge .
to do this they go on a long war result in thousand of death and also do not take regard for country ' sovereignty .
now again a lot if not the majority of death be not cause by the usa directly but a significantly large number be therefore it be still a valid point to raise .
i would love to know how a usa citizen would react if bomb be drop on their home town by a foreign country .
i 'm sure they would be happy to forget it and want no justice .
you know what i love ?
all these people say ohh , you be create the terrorism !
well , we would n't be do anytyhing be it not for the terrorist in the first place .
and what cause have they ?
they do n't like american foireign policy .
so instead of go to a parliment meet , they go to armory and decide to blow **** up and kill innocent .
you want someone to blame for the death of civilian in iraq , afghanistan and pakistan , look no further than muslim terrorist .
i think most people be look at this , again , without an objective analysis of the situation .
ever since the intervention in afghanistan and drone attack of pakistan , can anyone give me a successful attack by al @-@ qaeda on the west since the intervention ?
some people should know better that the unite state and her ally be not on some mission to kill innocent civilian , quite the contrary .
most of the contribution in this topic have fail to recognize that islamic fundamentalist have be operate in pakistan and be the root cause of terrorism in that area .
in 2006 , pakistan see 657 terrorist attack leave 907 people dead .
in 2007 , pakistan see 1,503 terrorist attack , result in 3,448 casualty .
in 2008 , pakistan see 2,148 terrorist attack , result in 2,267 casualty .
in 2009 , pakistan see 2,586 terrorist attack , that result in 3,021 fatality .
terrorist attack have kill over 35,000 people .
if we compare this to figure of civilian casualty ( which i will go into ) it be quite a healthy ratio as of the 1658 to 2597 kill , 385 be think to be civilian , in contrast of the taliban @/@ al @-@ qaeda 's operation to kill civilian .
interestingly , the number of terror attack in pakistan drop which can prove to be conclusive evidence of the effect on al @-@ qaeda and taliban leadership and their effective operational capability that be decrease .
one can logically say these drone attack be work , which be report on both side if you look at the current fragmentation of al @-@ qaeda and asscoatied jihadist sect leadership operate on the afghan @-@ pakistani border .
from a strategy perspective , in 2009 and 2010 , air drone be equip with new missile call small smart weapon ( ssw ) or typically know as ' scorpion .'
these missile have increase accuracy and expand surveillance , include the use of small , unarm surveillance drone to pinpoint the exact location of target .
ever since the introduction of civilian causality countermeasure technology , bloomberg report that 1,300 militant be kill and only 30 civilian kill in drone attack in mid @-@ 2008 .
the new america foundation believe that civilian casaulties have decrease from 25 % to an estimate 6 % , with a total of 18 civilian kill since august 2010 .
on the ground of legality , accord to the geneva convention , member of regular arm force - involve in conflict - be the only person who may be consider lawful combatant and authorised to use lethal force .
the operator in pakistan be the unite state ( usaf ) and the pakistani military .
so , who really murder more ?
islamic fundamentalist group total of 35,000 casualty ( since 2003 ) or the unite state ' 385 casualty ( since 2004 )?
why can n't people think the same thing ? if it be two american kid dad there would be media furore .
i do n't see these two kid name on the news ?
yet we see soldier who make a choice to go and fight on the news when they die .
actually , it do
that be the very definition of democracy , if something pass by the tiniest fraction of a percent need then everyone and everything else can be ignore .
of course this be not how we work , but then you can n't start say we 're undemocratic because people do n't turn out for the vote , that be their problem , not the government .
and please don ; t get start on the coalition .
it be democratic because together they recieved more vote than labour , so they have a right to power .
right , so to you there 's no difference in blow up 100 's of civilian in a crowd market place , and blow up a build but phone the threat in beforehand to minimise civilian casualty ? in that case , it 's ok every , bishy just basically say collaterol damage do n't exist for any western force as there 's no distinction between force use . let 's start bomb civilian area , it just do n't matter apparantly and of course , i do n't condone either group , afterall , the ira 's aim be only achieve after they lay down their arm .
no more than it be for someone to blow you up .
there seem to be a misconception hold by some that america be not a welfare state .
do anyone know the percentage of gdp they spend on welfare and benefit of all kind compare to say britain or the scandanavian nation ?
- who be usually consider the biggest welfare state in the world .
edit :
ok , so i have have look today and it look like america spend 46 % of its budget on welfare programme .
59 % if you add pension .
look at this chart here from the us government spend website .
it have 24 % health , 22 % pension , and 13 % welfare .
be that how to work it out ?
http : //www.usgovernmentspending.com/federal_spending
yes , a lot of money ( read . too much money ) be spend on ss etc.
however , the taxation rate on average be still 10 % higher at least in european nation .
this be why we need a republican government to try and decrease our ridiculous government spend .
republican do nothing but spend money , and fight war --- and encourage war --- and spend more money try to put americans in a constant state of fear .
republican be a joke
apparently 44 % of americas budget be spend on medicare @/@ medicaid and social security which be a joke consider how naff american welfare be
suppose you get a letter that state you must attend a month of military train before you be send to iran/zimbabwe/syria to protect the civilian from oppression .
it must be on ground to minimise civilian casualty .
your friend be go to protect these civilian too .
do you go or do you sacrifice your dignity ?
this be a " humanitarian " mission after all .
not go would in no way sacrifice your dignity .
what if you have three children to fee ?
how would make the choice not to leave them alone and destitute mean you surrender your dignity .
this be nonsense .
in answer to the more general question you be try to pose : no , i would n't .
anybody who do such work deserve all of our respect ( assume no ulterior motive ) but it be n't for everyone , and that do n't make somebody a bad person .
i would protect my family and friend , i have no interest in personally protect strangers...
i 'm not here to save the world , in no way do that decision impact my dignity
in 1951 libya be the poorest country in the world , before the nato intervention libyans enjoy the highest standard of live in africa .
in libya , home be consider a human right .
newly marry couple receive $ 50,000 to buy their own home and electricity be free for all .
im not make all this up
gaddafi vow to house every libyan before his own parent , he keep his promise and his own father die before he be able to be house .
before gaddaffi , less than 1 @/@ 5 th of libyans be literate .
now education be free and high quality .
literacy rate be now 83 % .
healthcare be also free .
if libyans cannot find the education or healthcare they need in libya the government unds them to go abroad to access it .
all loan be interest free by law .
if a libyan buy a car , the government pay 50 % of the price .
the price of fuel be $.14 a gallon .
any libyan wish to become a farmer be give free use of land , a home , equipment , livestock and seed .
on july 1 sr 2011 , 1.7million people assemble in green square , tripoli to show defiance against the nato bomb of libya .
this represent around 95 % of the population of tripoli .
the libyan central bank be state own and unlike bank in the west be now own by the elite or ridden by debt .
gaddafi didnt have to drive around in libya with 8 inch thick glass or a tank like obama do ,
search youtube , theres plenty of video of him beign drive around wave and shake hand of the dozen of people run after him .
2 year ago western leader all over the world praise him .
yes gaddafi have be accuse of some terrible thing , but look at the thing western leader do all of the time .
the second he start give out oil contract to russia @/@ asia he be oust .
disgust .
ok , cool story , but here 's some fact :
1. he start a war in chad - a crushingly poor nation that be in the middle of a civil war at the time - with the intent of establish a puppet jamahiriya that he could control .
thankfully he fail after chad , with the assistance of france , expel his force .
2. he start this war in chad by lure immigrant from pakistan and poor sahelian nation to libya with the promise of civilian work , and then press @-@ ganging them into fight as the islamic legion .
many legionnaires be still a major threat to peace and stability in central africa today , specifically in darfur where they be now know as the janjaweed .
perhaps you 've hear of them ?
3. he directly fund terrorism against the unite kingdom in the form of the ira , which he also train and equip , and sponsor other act of international terrorism such as the lockerbie bomb .
4. he embezzle billion of dollar of public money to fund a lavish , dictatorial lifestyle for him and his family .
5. he illegally proliferate nuclear weapon , chemical weapon and biological weapon in flagrant violation of international law .
6. any political dissent within libya be brutally repress by the khamis brigade , directly lead by khamis gaddafi - one of his son , and compose of foreign mercenary willing to do anything against the libyan people for their next payslip .
7. libyan political refugee be assassinate by the state as a mean to oppress the opposition to his rule .
if you have any love lose for this man you be a terrible human be .
i think he do that to keep his people happy so that people would be less likely to oppose him or he start out good genuinely want to help his people but become obsess with power .
so vile .
how can a country like the usa , relatively liberal and tolerant , have such a powerful party of extremist ?
britain have nothing to match the republican party , on social issue , apart from perhaps the bnp - but even they do n't hate on gay as much as the republican party do .
in 2011 , how can americans even think of vote in such a party ?
it 's disgust .
shame on the republican .
it 's an incredibly religious country @- and a very evangelical one at that .
as much as i hate their attitude , you need to understand that it 's just the way they 've be bring up to think
that be say , it be still shock that this type of discrimination still exists...
the people who get involve in politics to the degree of go to debate be , thankfully , not representative of the majority of people over there .
do n't stop them be dick , though
and ? this be surprise ?
it 's know that the usa be n't as progressive as western europe with regard to gay right and attitude towards gay people .
to be fair , santorum be probably just a confused idiot .
he say that sex have no place in the military and orientation be irrelevant , which i agree with .
but then he say he 'd bring dadt back , which be disagree with .
but the boo of the soldier be terrible make no mistake .
if a gay soldier be better than , or just as good as a straight soldier , then it make no difference what their sexuality be .
at the end of the day , if i be serve on the front line with other troop , i 'd want the best troop , not the straightest .
what make me laugh be that the usual anti @-@ american crowd have jump on this thread with all the " vile " and " disgust " comment .
the same crowd that get into a lather about the evil empire of israel and the poor palestinians blahblahblah .
the usa have legalised gay marriage in some state , and federal equality law . sure , some people be n't up with that - but that 's freedom for you .
contrast this with the wonder of the palestinan authority , where it be a criminal offence to be gay and punishable by imprisonment .
you hear a lot of criticism of israel - but if you have to , would you rather live there or one of its close neighbour ? bear in mind israel 's freedom , prosperity , etc.
note : i know some of the country do n't physically neighbour israel , but they be extremely close so they count .
eygpt , probably because they 're comparitively level and calm . ( i say comparatively ) .
for religious , political and social freedom . israel
because it 's the most westernised , israel .
i know a lot of lebanese people and let me tell you , they 're the most fun love person i have ever meet .
really open @-@ mind and peaceful .
it look really beautiful too !
israel because its the least likely country to get bomb and invade by israel
jordan or israel .
plus to all the people say egypt , really ?
its future be very uncertain and christians ( assume some of you be ) be routinely not treat properly .
i really have no idea why -- unless you be a devout muslim -- you would choose saudi arabia over israel .
unless you have no care for any of your freedom .
and before anyone make any sarcy comment about israel , at least a woman can drive there..
none , when i be in cyprus the heat be too annoy , so i 'd rather not reside in that region .
lebanon . beirut be a relax , westernised place and the party capital of the middle east
cyprus... what ?
its only a little swim away i 'd call it a neighbor , live there for 2 year , lovely , go for a swim in the sea catch some ray on the saturday , then off to build a snowman on troodos on the sunday , great little island .
i see the news story about the submariner who went on a kill spree on a nuclear submarine and it worry me quite a bit .
be it realistic that in the next 30 year there 'll be worldwide dismantlement of all nuclear weapon intend for kill other human ?
never hopefully .
nuclear weapon have keep the world superpowers from wipe each other out
the submarine be just power by a nuclear reactor , it fire non nuclear warhead .
the day they 'll be get rid of be the day something more powerful be invent .
we have every reason to hope that do n't happen , tbh .
why would government and company in certain country sell arm to an offensive country when they attack a country they dislike but then attack that country when it attack a country they do like
this be double standard !
i be talk about the iraq before and during the gulf war .
iraq attack iran then government were happy to sell weapon to iraq include uk , france , us , west germany , italy , china and soviet union .
some of them be even sell to both side such as us , soviet union and china .
a small minority sell only to iran these be north korea and surprizingly israel accord to israel ( although iran deny this ) .
why would all these country be happy for iraq to go on the war path and to fund both all side of the war yet go after iraq when it start on kuwait ( although they leave saddam in power ) .
my thought be that government simply let their private arm company make a bit of cash off the war like they usually do .
they use their puppet government of the shah and saddam to control the country to counter soviet influence in the region .
when the islamic revolution happen the us lose all their influence over the nation so after iraq begin their attempt invasion they happily cast a blind eye in order to regain influence .
then when they see saddam invade country they already have influence in kuwait they finally take action although they leave him in power as the soviet be still there and would n't want iraq to become communist .
then 12 year later there be no long a soviet union but they notice a strengthen iran that be a potential threat to their ally israel so when some they get some ' evidence ' of iraq with nuclear material from a known unreliable source via mi6 they jump with joy to invade it .
it be a win win for their publicity they either take out evil dictator saddam or they stop iraq get nukes .
then they build up their base in iraq and fund a new government to counter the threat of iran as they lose all influence upon iraq when they stop them in the first gulf war .
these war be just way to prevent other nation gain any sort of power whether it be directly or indirectly as well as make their arm company some major money on the side .
so if you still think the us and co be the just and honourable government they claim to be why would they allow company to fund two side of a war ?
why would they go to war over an ideology ?
why would they only take action when a puppet state be invade ?
well , what be you propose to replace it with ?
because government change every 4 year in most place and every government tend to pursue a different policy .
blair sell gun to gaddafi and cameron help oust him , you can n't look at it as if cameron be bind or responsible for the action of blair
a country action should n't ( and luckily don't ) depend on moral standard .
it be naive to think they should .
there be far more important political and economical reason for military intervention or political sanction .
i certainly do n't , they 're mostly hypocrite .
if only we could make the leader look right into the eye of every civilian they kill , maybe the fight and war would stop .
obviously i know it never will , but i can dream .
there be so much discussion these day about race , muslims , etc that i get the feel there be underlie problem .
personally i feel sorry for them ( non white and muslims ) as they bear the brunt of these discussion .
or be we just in denial of racial and ethnic problem in society ?
''learn from history'' - yes , and it teach us ''multiculturalism'' actually always fail .
i do however believe we could get along together , if we figure out how .
douchebags like this be give a forum to air their view be fan a lot of contagious stupidity
well this be the case no matter the denial .
its funny , when muslims plant bomb , the first thing people say be , ' why do they do this ? ', well , fair enough , because its better to understand motive , the same apply to the growth of nationalism in europe .
many factor be at play , anti white racism , immigrant crime which target white people disproportionally , mass invasion immigration policy , abuse of immigration and welfare system .
it be no use just blame ' racism ' as it miss the issue .
so everyone be just get along fine ,
regardless of race , religion , nationality and ethnicity etc ?
i do n't think that be true either
i 'm as right @-@ wing as they come , but why be the british keep hold of island that be not theirs ?
they be thousand of mile away .
i long for the day that the island be reunite with argentina and diplomatic relation between britain and argentina can resume .
what be your thought ?
when hell freeze over .
when the falkland islander decide they want to be argentinian .
they be quite fond of be british right now .
be this another name for the falklands ?
as i understand it , the inhabitant of these island feel a strong sense of britishness , and want to continue to remain british .
the island belong to the islander , not argentina , and if the islander say they want to be argentinian , or independent , then the island would cease to be british .
can you not understand the difference between an individual in one country want to be a citizen of another ( basically a wannabe migrant ) and a state wish to retain its territorial status ?
in your american example , that 's the difference between a dude in azerbaijan say " i want to be american - why can n't i ? " and hawaii say " we want to remain part of the us ".
that 's true ; the oil in the falklands be not a major factor .
although i do believe that if the majority of islander wish to be british we should keep the island .
when we get ireland ' back '.
i mean they in no way want to be part of the uk , but they 're right next to us , so they should be...
why do the term ' las malvinas ' even exist ?
why do n't i just call argentina ' dickhead land '.
also , op , ignorance much ?
they already belong to the uk and the uk grant them local governance .
so technically they already belong to their owner .
they never be unite with argentina
the problem with this logic be there be more than enough people who think differently to cover the cost - and they ( or anyone in fact ) could n't care less what you think .
they will be pay for the defence themselves if with the oil revenue as well so there will be even less reason for you to complain in the future .
i have to write about the imfs involvement in current affair for school , i must have be live under a rock for the past few month because i have no idea at all as to what the imfs involvment with greece be , ive try to google it but all the different information be confuse me , can anyone explain please ?
they be call in when country fail to run their economy properly .
of course eurocrats fail to see what be happening... what do you expect from hansomly @-@ pay , non @-@ audit people resposible for other @-@ people 's money ?
like the fall of the roman empire , the whole mess be gonna get worse .
in may china 's cpi go up by 5.5 % year @-@ on @-@ year , 5.3 % in city and 6.0 in rural area .
attention that the food price go up by an astonish 11.7 % .
this be definitely increase the pressure on its economic growth .
everyone have his @/@ her point of view .
that 's only a percentage point higher than the uk , but unlike us they have double digit economic growth so have plenty of room to work with .
i mean , if inflation be 5.5 % but the economy grow 10.5 % , that 's net wealth creation of 5 % be n't it ?
or be there something i 'm miss ?
even if the rate of economic growth almost double the rate of inflation , the effect of this high rate of inflation be still prominent ; especially due to china 's very unequal distribution of wealth .
" 5.3 % in city and 6.0 in rural area "
the rural area accomodate many of the peasant in china and as it face such high rise in food price and a 6 % rise in general price , those peasant be go to find it increasingly hard to purchase their commodity .
i be sure many of us be well aware of samuel huntington 's " clash of civilization " theory , that future conflict would be along cultural line between " west ", " east " and " confucian " block , whatever they be .
what do everyone think ?
do the theory hold weight or be it just a product of modern day oriental @-@ ism ?
the op 's mind be move in , in my opinion , the right direction .
conflict be almost always cause by political and economic issue rather than cultural one , even if motive for fight may ostensibly appear to be over religion , for example .
if you have jstor access and have n't read ervand abrahamian 's article on huntington , then i recommend it .
something that caught my eye today .
it seem australia be propose a ban on the cultivation and possession of a range of plant that contain certain psychoactive substance .
these be the plant that be already include in australias ban list :
- all plant in the cannabis genus
- all plant in the erythroxylum genus ( which cocaine be derived from )
- papaver somniferum and papaver bracteatum ( opium poppy )
- all fungi that contain psilocin and psilocybin ( magic mushroom )
these be the plant that would be add to the ban list :
- savia divinorum
- kratom
- khat
- brugmansia
- datura ( the former and latter both common garden flower , but be crap as recreational drug due to their high toxicity . idiot who try it once wont try it again , if they survive.)
- any plant that contain ephedrine
- any plant contain mescaline
- any plant contain dmt ( this be the one i find most absured as there be litterally 100 s if not 1000 s of plant and tree that contain this substance , many grow wild in australia and be commonly use in landscape .
dmt even occur naturally in human and most other mammal , be they go to ban human and mammal too ! ?)
as a horticulturalist myself , i find the australian authority proposal to be highly disturbing .
this be completely pointless legislation , bureaucracy at its finest , that be go to criminalise potentially million of innocent people who work with these plant or grow them ornamentally in their garden .
and just how do they expect to be able to enforce a ban on litterally thousand of species of plant ?
its insanity , you cant legislate nature .
and then of course we come back to the old chesnut ; most of the substance in these propose plant be less harmful and addictive than legal substance , such as alcohol and tobacco .
mescaline and dmt actually cause less harm to the body than caffeine .
anyhoo , rant over .
this article be a few month old , so i dont know if this made it into the law book or if it be throw out , so if anyone have any information id like to hear about it .
heres hope common sense prevail for once .
how do they ban cannabis in australia ?
dosent it grow as a....well wee
it 's your responsibility to use drug sensibly and your choice whether you abuse them or not .
it 's no right of the government or anyone to control what you consume .
i think the government should tackle drug use and damage life by provide support for those who need it , not by criminalising them .
many drug addict get send to prison and be give methadone to ' ease ' their addiction to crack , meth or heroin .
obviously that 's wrong .
=/ that 's the harsh reality of it .
ban the substance in the first place .
it will cause damage now to those addict but better for long term
i do see the value of rehab though
it 's the illegality of drug that make the production , distribution and use of those drug hugely expensive and harmful to everyone .
most of the outlaw drug , if take with a bit of knowledge and awareness , be mostly as harmful , if not much less harmful , than tobacco or alcohol .
what do you think of the first 2012 republican debate on thursday ?
it feature tim pawlenty , ron paul , herman cain , gary johnson , and rick santorum .
it be in the early day , so there be n't that many candidate .
and what do you think of the saturday night live version of the undeclared candidate 's debate .
it feature impression of michele bachmann , donald trump , mitt romney , newt gingrich , jimmy mcmillan , and of course , sarah palin play by the legendary tina fey !
i think it be great . pure humour .
edit : mike huckabee be n't in either . hmm....
i like ron paul more and more
herman cain i would support any mean to protect the country . not like the sound of that
the fox news one seem to be let down by the fact that so many of the undeclared big name be n't there ( for the obvious reason that they 're undeclared ) .
ron paul would be the lead runner of those that take part , but the snl people be far more likely to be the main contender .
that say , where be obama this time in the 2008 race ?
notwithstanding a few of his religious nutter @-@ esque social view ron paul be the only republican who actually make sensible point about big government and the only one i have any respect for .
too bad he 's never go to be president give the state of the republican party .
i just see a similar thread on saudi arabia , so i think , why not in pakistan as well ?
i dont need to explain the situation there...... but shouldnt they have a revolution ?
the press be relatively free so people have a medium they can vent through .
there be too many faction that be fight amongst each other - if they unite under a common cause then there would be a serious threat of revolution .
firstly , gaddafi be not an enemy of ours .
secondly , gaddafi be the autocrat of his country , if he wish to stamp out rebellion , it 's his prerogative .
all state hold the right to defend their own interest .
human be cruel , people should get over it , it 's our nature .
additionally , should n't our own arm force be use for national defence only ?
of all of these conflict over the past 20 @-@ 30 year or so , which directly affect our interest :
- the falklands
- the first gulf war ( liberation of kuwait )
- bosnia
- sierra leone
- kosovo
- second gulf war ( removal of saddam )
i would say only the falklands .
the falklands the first gulf war and to an extent the second gulf war .
i see what your say but if we have a chance to help people fight for democracy and not be brutally crush then we should do something .
we rarely get the chance to support rebellion as in most case the rebel be as bad as the government they be fight .
libya can be see as a popular uprise against a tyrant .
no doubt people complain but they would complain if we do nothing to .
no one want to see another rwanda and this event seem to signify a much more proactive right foreign policy from the uk .
and before people shout oil at me .
well you be just go to have to wait until after this end be n't you to see if it be .
frankly i cannot imagine why company would negotiate oil contract only to try to convince the government to invade the country so they lose them .
take some of the responsibility for enforce a no fly zone ( i.e . patrol shoot down any plane which gadaffi use to bomb civilian ) would have be acceptable due to the un resolution and the fact that civilian in benghazi be sit duck .
however , bomb ground troop in order to allow arm rebel to rampage further west be , in my opinion , completely against the spirit of the un resolution .
i increasingly get the impression that the coalition be not protect civilian ( i.e . unarm citizen , not rebel ) but rather be passively support the rebellion by decimate gadaffi 's soldier who , at the end of the day , be just do what they be tell .
it 's easy to shout oil and the fact that it get shout so often mean that it 's also brush off by those support military action , without a thorough evaluation .
oil be not the only reason why the coalition be back the rebel ( and i 'm go to take the plunge now and say that they be ) , but it be certainly a consideration .
gadaffi have state that ( assume he regain control over his country ) he will only sell oil to the russians and the chinese .
the rebel on the other hand have state that they be willing to upgrade oil production in benghazi three @-@ fold .
people can argue that we be do our bit by help out the libyans in their time of crisis .
but why have n't we intervene in the numerous conflict in africa over the past 20 @/@ 30 year
i agree that we should be help out all these innocent people ( im sure if it be the other way around we would want help from more powerful country )
but why there and not in other place ?
i do think our main reason for help be oil and resource , which be pretty much as bad as do nothing as we 're not set the example of help people out in a time of crisis , its more of a " we 'll help but only because we might get something in return "
i know this be just how the world work , but there would be alot less trouble in the world if it wasnt .
anybody who believe the british empire , once again , intervene in yet another country on ' humanitarian ground ' to protect ' innocent civilian ' be absolutely ignorant of history and cannot use mere logic , or at least do not apply it to ' queen and country '.
or , they could be the opposite of independent thinker and accept the propaganda spout by the establishment .
if the rebel be communist , the intervention lead by the unite state , britain and france in libya would not have occur , nor would the rebel opposition be support , have they be communist .
in other word , the intervention in libya be not about protect civilian , but instead entirely about protect interest and side with a candidate whom the ' coalition ' prefer .
if this be not the case , the unite state would be intervene exactly how they be today in libya , even if the rebel have be the taliban .
furthermore , britain and france have always state from the very begin that they be willing to intervene in libya without the approval of the unite nation .
yet the justification they keep use for this intervention be to ' enforce humanitarian law authorised by the unite nation '.
to be blunt while be honest...
history will show once again , that the real reason for this capitalist @-@ lead intervention in libya be not about ' defend innocent people '.
and when it do , all those who support this intervention should be hold accountable for their ignorance and the crime of strengthen a system which have consistently prove , through its billion of dead victim , to be the greatest monster this world have ever see .
ok guy , we 've see how the egyptians successfully bring mubarak down and at the same time theres also a lot of protest goin around the middle east country ; tunisia , bahrain , algeria etc.....
although it may not seem like it have nothing to do with religion , just politics...i feel like the world be come to an end or something cause muslims be finally take a stance for their rights....
after this , what next ?
be just wonder could there be an islamic revolution perhaps in the near future where the world be like come to an end ? ??
this be probably a really stupid question but just give me some feedback about this matter
the answer be no.
guys..i know its a bit tedious but im just wondering..
if you guy can be bother than dont bother read it then !
god willing , yes , if only to overthrow the corrupt government in place in these country .
none of these protest be islamic in nature .
they tend to be secular leaderless and make u mostly of the young .
what be wrong with muslims speak up for their right ? ??
explain yourself .
and as far as an islamic revolution be concern i would say that it depends on how organize religious or clerical organization be in a country and how politicized they be .
any analysis on the issue can n't be a one size fit all jacket since the nature of the protest vary in all say country .
it apeas noth korea have start enrich uranium at a brand new plant that apparently be very modern .
seem odd they could build this . im bet on a lot of chinese maybe even russia help .
it would appear they be go to ake more nukes .
ok so what be your thought on this ?
are they a danger ?
will this change anything ?
could we see a much more aggressive north korea ?
or will nothing change ?
i very much doubt russia would be involve in this .
china be sympathisers with the communist regime so possibly link there .
there 's very little anyone can do about it because bomb their nuclear facility will result in seoul be obliterate and most of south korea be destroy without nukes .
the only hope be if dear leader 's son allow change but do n't hold your breath .
hey guy , read the news daily , i can n't help but notice that occasionally , the western media ( cnn and sometimes bbc ) picture china as a country who be heartless , have no respect for human right , dictatorship etc.etc .
however , this past summer , i go to china for holiday , and it be nothing like the western media picture it to be , the people all seem to enjoy life , no sign of human right abuse ( i traveled to tibet to , the people seem happy ) .
i can n't help but feel that the western media be portray only one side of the story ( tibet ) ,when in reality we brits have also invade tibet and the world say nothing .
i see that we be afraid of a communist country rise , and i know they be n't the nicest people , but neither be we when we colonize 1 @/@ 4 of the world , or when the americans drive the indians off their land .
are we right to be complain about china when we do n't have a clean record either ?
do you think that the western media be demonizing china ?
as a westerner , do you think china be a cold , heartless dictatorship ?
i 'm half chinese and the western media be definitely demonizing china .
the chinese government have more support from its people than the british government do .
when the west criticize china about its lack of democracy of human right abuse it 's usually only the west who have a problem with it and not the average chinese person .
and why be these clown always complain about tibet ?
the fact that they do n't care about uyghurs just show what hypocrite and bigot they be .
that 's because whenever a chinese person do complain they get thrown in prison or shot .
china 's record on human right be appal look at the one child policy that be cause major gender imbalance problem as well as be brutally implement , force sterliseation and such .
although i do n't criticise it on democracy as democracy be always right or good .
as for the more popular than the british government source ?
the media demonoising china be just what the media do , it demonises everything its how they sell paper with horror story .
even if they get nukes iran be still heavily outmanned , outgunned and isolate .
their nukes wont be as good as american and european nukes .
their uav 's wont be as good as isreali and american uav 's
their missile will barley cross their own border before they be shot down by a multitude of defence the usa have already be prepare in the middle east for the past god know how long .
the only thing the extremist muslims can possibly do be blow themselves up in our border .
and they have fail that more than enough time .
iran be a empty threat .
iran with nukes however will unify and strengthen the resolve and moral of the muslims
iran want to portray itself as the ' hero ' of the muslims against the western infidel by have nukes and defy the usa .
so the more we talk about it , the more coveradge they get and the more muslim extreamists will orgasm at the sound of usa 's threat .
so let ignore iran , they be like the kid in primary school with the attention seek problem .
meh maybe if the came clean with their nuclear program and would accept help that the rest of the world be offer .
if they be so peaceful why not allow un inspector in .
the problem be n't that they could potentially outmatch us in term of nuclear capability .
the problem be that its monstrous regime will become more stable , and will be able to dictate the rest of the world 's policy towards it .
plus , one must consider the potential ramification of thermonuclear weapon fall into the hand of a regime run by the clergy ; a clergy that have repeatedly lay claim to the island nation of bahrain , support nasrallah 's thuggish militia in lebanon , make continual reference to the apocolypse and the return of the ' twelfth imam ', and so on .
that 's without go into how it will make a complete mockery of international law and non @-@ proliferation .
australia should become a republic when queen elizabeth ii die , prime minister julia gillard have say just day ahead of a general election .
welsh @-@ born ms gillard say the queen 's death would be an " appropriate point " for australia to move away from have a british monarch as head of state .
australians vote against become a republic in a 1999 referendum , but the issue continue to be divisive .
so , who think australia would vote for a republic ?
it 's up to them if they wish to sever the bond that unite their heritage , history , and present .
i do n't think the issue be that they have a hereditary monarch , but the fact that the hereditary monarch in question be a ' foreign ' one ( yes , i be aware she be queen of australia in her own right , but you know what i mean ) .
i think they should keep the monarchy...
the monarchy exist here for the same reason it do over there .
heritage , history and present , as the above poster rightly say .
it 's not a drain on their economy and their power and sovereignty be n't be control in real political term .
i do , however , agree with the propose flag change , if that 's what australians want .
hold another referendum !
are we witness a new era of repression .
in the past nation would develop new technology to dominate its rival , however with recent attempt to prevent iran from develop nuclear technology be we see powerful nation use economic terrorism ( sanction ) and war to prevent other nation from develop technology to compete .
for a nation with civilian and military nuclear technology to essentially deny another nation the same right to develop technology it be clear that the old guard of westenr power be try to prevent emerge power from develop the same level of technology .
how can iran stake its claim to its right ?
economic terrorism ( sanction ) be essentially a way to ruin an economy its a modern day version of a seige and an act of war .
the sanction place on iran be design to appear to target only military group but with research you will see it massively target civilian business , infrastructure and even the attempt of iranian student to study outside of iran .
this be an all out attempt to cut of irans blood flow and crush this nation .
what should other nation learn from this ?
other develop nation would be wise to realise that western power have a stake in prevent the development of nation they consider inferior particularly asian , african and south american nation .
this realisation should make them realsie they must band together to defeat this racist threat .
i would suggest an economic block and the share of nuclear technology within this block to ensure their sovereignty from both military and economic war .
america have a vest interest in keep certain nation poor and weak but with solidarity and strength these nation can rise up and defy this evil threat .
hmm here be a country that generally do n't like me should i let them build a big nuclear weapon they can kill me with ?
*thinks hard*
iran will get destroy by the israelis before it have a chance to get a nuclear weapon , and if israel be unable to do so then the israeli race would be ( excuse the pun ) exterminate .
how can you be in favour of this ?
you make it out like hamper a nation development be somthing new !
since the dawn of civilization country and province have sort do out do each other and gain from others weakness .
you say it be crazy that america force sanction on iran , yet it be not in their economic or defence interest to allow this to happen so in fact it be perfectly sane .
if iran be to develop nuclear weapon , they would use them , and they would , theoretically , become the powerhouse in the middle east .
this be against us forgien policy for two reason , firstly they need to secure the safty of the oil field in the middle east , and secondaly an anti @-@ western superpower in the middle east will more likely that not attract the back of china , who already have make it perfeclty clear that they be inforcing their dominance over africa .
the combination of an iranian @-@ chinese block in asia and africa would seriously threatern the us and the whole western world .
thus , it be just and need for the us to impose such sanction on iran .
if ahmadinejad do say this , do he have any info as to what be gonna go down ?
do you think the americans will strike other me country in the run up to the iran attack or simulataneously strike ?
could be syria perhaps ?
just hope we do n't get drag into this war ; we can n't even deal with the taliban...
let the american @/@ israelis deal with it !
there 's nothing about it on the bbc , but yes , a strike be inevitable .
i highly doubt the americans @/@ israelis will strike any other middle eastern country , in fact , i cannot see it happen whatsoever .
the unite kingdom will do exactly as the unite state say because of this idiotic perception that both of our nation share a ' special relationship '.
the unite kingdom will be drag into it , you can bet your bottom dollar on that .
substantial evidence have be present to prove large quantity of deplete uranium ( du ) have be use in iraq since the invasion in 2003 .
[edit] ok since alot of people think the ' tehran time ' be untrustworthy i will give another source which give the same information about liam fox 's statement .
i can n't bring myself to understand this in any way .
i remember see some picture of deformity a little while back and could n't even believe it be humanly possible .
they disturb for a few day after and that 's from someone who be n't easily upset .
back then i always believe that the leader of our militaries would never allow this .
they would never allow generation of iraqi 's to suffer from mutation and deformity like these .
i pass it off as propaganda at the time but now the evidence seem substantial and clear that this be exactly what happen .
what be the most upset be that our tax fund this .
our tax cause girl to be born with two head like something straight out of a horror film .
how can this ever be rectify ?
how can you explain to the children why they be born with paralyse limb or be born with their eye form inside out ?
how can you rectify a system which have do to iraq what it 's do over the decade .
from support tyrant , to watch on and do nothing , to several large scale war , to cripple sanction .
what harm be they afraid of from these ordinary , poor iraqis .
you can n't rectify .
that 's ******* disgust and i hope the perpertrators be make to suffer what generation of iraqi 's already have and will ever endure .
remember those who champion themselves on human right be actually the biggest terrorist in the world .
certain place like fallujah , tikrit , mosul atc , baathi scum stronghold deserve it for what they do to iraq and the iraqi people under saddam 's( may god curse him ) regime .
that 's ******** for a start the us would not a shell a town with du , it 's high density mean it be use for penetrator core for armour pierce sabot round , to be use against tank .
it 's a kinetic energy round and would serve no purpose other than in a pitched tank battle , of which there be n't that many in gw2 .
and that 's the independent article , i do n't even need to bother try to discredit something from the ' tehran time '.
well that 's war be n't it ?
never like it but when war happen you have to expect any atrocity .
they want to sue the uk and us ?
it be a ******* war we would be stupid to give them money because they will only use it for weaponry to fight against our arm force and they will probably plant some du in our country or even nuke us innocent civillians for payback .
sure we all want war to be just and we all think nothing like this should happen , but you 'd be naive to think this be possible and this be how a war should be conduct .
it 's a ******* war .
do n't tell me muslim country like iran and pre @-@ war iraq would n't invoke such method if they could .
apology for be so inevitably stupid but...j am i wrong in think superpowers be judge by their worth , their gdp ?
if so , how can china overtake the us even as it grow in this area ?
it be still way off the us gdp .
i know the us have a lot of debt , and a great deal of it be owe to china
also , be n't japan ahead of china in term of gdp ?
when you have 1 billion+ people , its almost impossible not to become a super power...even if your army be fight with sword and bows....cos it simply be n't possible to win against the sheer amount of number
true , thank for that .
but it 's not like their population swell overnight , or be it ?
i 'm just try to find out more about the subject really..
imo : grow military strength , economic potential and influence in international affair make a superpower .
its their industry , cheap labour , huge workforce , investment in technology and hard work nature .
china be invest in the future , we here in britain really be not...
china be go for it headlong and because of this be develop more and more and discover new thing .
china also have less strict law on what not to do...i.e they will test and fund thing that we have regulation against .
they have huge industry which they dont care much in the way of climate problem .
they have a massive population ready for any dirty job .
finally , they be a hard work people with dedication and less slobby
do we really want another superpower ?
compare to the others , china look like a bunch of savage : disgust human and animal right record and a lack of freedom .
the gdp be rapidly rise each year .
lol @- russia 's economy be less than half the size of france and germany 's and almost half as small as the uk 's .
couple with the fact that the country have just be through a huge reccesion that have wipe off more than 10 % of its gdp , and that it be fall to piece through political instability , i think im right to say its a joke @- not to mention the fact that its entire economy be based around export natural resource that will soon run out .
it also worth mention that as soon as conventional oil reserve run out , the us and canada will have by far the biggest reserve in the world in the form of oil shale etc.
did you just refer to information from wikipedia in your argument ?
and some be sort of mutually intelligble .
they all share the same write language though which i reckon distinguish from most other language .
worthy enough of call each sub @-@ language a dialect i 'd say .
china already be a super power ; us monetary policy be practically dictate by china .
if they want to crap all over the $ they could do it on a whim - no other country on the planet have the ability to do so , let alone devalue their currency to such an extent it make their export look ridiculously cheap .
china in the global market .
it be a superpower without question .
however to be a super @-@ power you do n't strictly have to be a develop economy .
china be decade from be as developed as the us , regardless of the amount of money they have - chinas greatest compromise be time .
major city be much closer to their western counterpart , however it be beyond where the issue lie in chinas push as a credible economic entity .
what... so because i referred to wikipedia somehow my argument be null and void ?
seriously get a clue .
i get a few chinese people tell me that china will be #1 in the future .
a few year back , newsweek magazine publish article about china 's become the next big thing .
hard to tell but anything be possible .
i bet soviet union have no idea they 'd be perish in the late 80 s @-@ early 90 s .
like some people say this in thread , us won't allow it .
us want to be the only example that represent democracy ( iraq be replace with democratic system , etc ) .
because china be a communist country , it would be harder for them to influence other country politically like how great britian influence its idea to different region of the world ( us in language , hong kong in legal structure and language , etc ) .
30 @-@ 40 year be a very long time , i 'm not deny that china have potential and could potentially become the most powerful country in the world .
notice the world could in bold , some people would argue that if it continue this growth it would become the world 's most powerful country , both economically and militarily even i can see that , but the us will inevitably interfere , because it simply do n't want competition , it want to remain be the biggest , baddest dude on the block , and with china arrive on the world stage( i.e the new kid on the block ) there 'll inevitably and undoubtably be confrontation .
i think china will become the world 's second largest economy - perhaps even the largest , i think china will become very strong militarily - perhaps not as strong as the us as it be light year behind , but still strong , perhaps even stronger than all of europe combine without the use of nukes .
do i think china will become a us type superpower ?
mean that its economy and military be both 10 time stronger than everyone elses - no i do n't , as i 've point out in my previous post , there 'll china will inevitably want to become the regional power of asia , it 'll want to do some land @-@ grab of its own( taiwan for example ) which will lead to its demise .
well i think iran 's only real crime have be defy us energy interest in the region .
we see what happen last time iran defy the us in 1953 under mossadegh , and the result be a cia coup to put in someone who would happily bleed their country dry of their resource .
the us have only themslefes to blame for the move to the theocratical tyranny we see now , and most people would agree iran pose no global threat , but western propaganda represent iran as some nuclear threat have n't be based on iaea report or reason , but as the crescent of the ' axis of evil ',that be those who dare to step out of line .
all road be point towards an attack of some sort .
whether this be jump on the back of a popular revolution , or air strike , who know , but one be for sure ; an attack would have serious implication , and not just the further destablisation of the region .
i do n't think either the us or the soviet union tick the box for me .
neither gain significant land , neither won any significant war ( indeed , the most famous war america be involve in post wwii be vietnam , which they flunk ) - hardly characteristic of a traditional superpower .
superpowers tend to make huge stride in better the life of human civilisation ( the romans do it by further democracy , the british empire do it with the industrial revolution ) .
the us and su certainly do n't make any groundbreaking revolution .
these two country be best know for stockpile weapon and race to the moon - not characteristic of be a superpower .
they have the potential military might to rival classic superpowers , but time have change so much that it be just never go to happen .
my professor raise this point this morning in class :
" hundred and thousand of year ago , my family live in norway , in a consequent town where there be family like mine , make a little clan .
we be then chase from norway , because we be invade by norwegians say that we be stranger , while it have be our land for century and century , and we could n't be consider as stranger .
do you ( ask the class ) think that nowadays , i could go back to norway , and chase the people live there , with the only argument that my family live there for hundred of year ?
bear this in mind , do you think that israelians 's motif for go back to their land be sufficient ? "
what do you think of it ?
be he racist , or be he realistic ?
to be honest if norway be the center of his religious belief and if he have be persecute all the year after his family get kick out he would have a different view .
more importantly he be christian - and he be rule by christian government .
plus if you look at it from his point of view .
conquest determine land hold .
his family be in norway , they get conquer and so cease to own the land .
well the arabs that use to live in israel get ' conquer ' per se - although a much more benign version of conquest - and so no matter what the original motive for the conquest be , they lose the right to that land .
he be neither racist nor realistic - just wrong .
well , be they ?
i 'm use extremist lightly , i 'm just use the word as something to categorize them .
as in group like bnp , nazis and extremist muslims or any partly aggressive religion , could they all be count as bad as each other ?
they can all inspire hate , change story and have radical @/@ controversial view .
so could they be deem on the same level ?
nazis exterminate jews...
extremist muslism would liek to convert everyoen else...
and bnp just want to deport foreigner elsewhere...
so no not really .
hate ( although i believe broadly be a bad thing ) be something i can live with...
change story ?
if you mean lie , then yes that be bad
radical @/@ controvesial be n't bad because they 're radical , they 're bad because of the belief itself .
why ? why do the public @/@ media favour islamic country over jewish one ?
what have the jews ever do compare to muslims ?
i mean come on...this seriously baffle me .
the bbc be biased against america , and therefore israel .
it 's not really about muslims vs . jews .
this be not true at all .
during the recent attack on gaza by israel the bbc be the only channel to not broadcast an appeal for the innocent muslims of gaza . even though all other channel do .
they seem to do pretty much the opposite of what you be say .
discuss
only way you have peace be by have a larger stick than the enemy ,
i prefer the u.s to have all the power to say a unstable country like iran .
rock on u.s.a free israel !
no point in discuss this .
i would say ' no ' but they have nuclear weapon and no @-@ one be go to take them away from them .
disclaimer : i be really not an expert on american politics .
so , as well as the presidential election yesterday , american voter could also vote on a lot of state @-@ specific proposition , one of which be california 's proposition 8 .
gay marriage have be legal in california since may , but this proposition be in favour of eliminate the right of gay couple to marry .
it pass .
i be wonder if anyone have any thought on this..
i think its terrible .
they should n't be allow to do an about turn like that for no apparent reason , especially give the fact that it only recently become allow .
they could have at least give it a chance first .
it 's just even more of a shame that , at a time when america appear to be turn a new leaf , there 's still so many people with this frame of mind .
it just really bug me that it get turn round so soon as well..
gay couple should be allow the happiness that marriage may bring , just like straight couple .
they should have just keep it legal and let those who disagree have a grumble and grind their teeth over it all - it 's not like they 're suffer .
this suprised me to be honest , california have always be know as one of the more progressive state in the union .
the law will probably jump back and forth in the come year .
california have a huge roman catholic population which obviously reject it , not help by the large influx of migrant s @-@ american catholics into the state .
okay yes , true , they be allow .
which do mean people have the right to do them .
but i think the issue of the right to marry be different because people work to get the right and to change the law for it to be allow .
it be n't just a right because no one have tell them they could n't do it , like your example .
i think the issue here be not whether marriage be a right , but whether everyone should be consider equal .
either everyone have the right to marry , or no one do .
just as nobody have the ' right ' to murder ( which quite frankly i find to be a weak argument due to reason already mention ) , either nobody should have the right to marry , or everybody should .
that 's all there be to it .
i would argue that any law that i judge to be unjust be inherently illegitimate and thus i have no moral obligation to follow it or consider it to be a moral principle , nor would i use it to guide my decision make in any more than potentially in a practical sense .
i certainly could not and will not respect the rule of law when it impose restriction on two consent adult express their love , and quite frankly i think that such unjust law undermine the whole system .
you say you have n't consider prisoner not have the vote , and hypothesised that a good reason might be because they should have their right remove for commit a crime .
and the incest argument be entirely relate . if two people be happy together , why can n't they get marry ?
you want one rule for all , stand by what you say , instead of dodge the uncomfortable reality that even you 're not happy with everybody have the same right .
it force school to teach same @-@ sex marriage as a morally equal alternative , cal like the rest of america be full of religious people and they do not see this as right .
it will only take away the right for same @-@ sex couple to call it marriage , everything else be still there .
well , you 're sort of right ; we 're all be treat as second class citizen , but you sort of miss the point .
right have be take away in both instance .
the moral outrage ( here , anyway ) associate with one have not be associate with the other simply because one be acceptable and one be n't ; so it 's not the fact that a right have be take away be wrong , its that you think x should have a right and that right have be take away so you 're annoy .
incidentally ; if you 're white , female , black , communist , jewish , whatever ; you can still not get marry if you 're gay .
if marriage be define as a man and a woman then ban gay marriage be perfectly legitimate .
my point still stand : if you need a certificate from the state to live your life in happiness then you be a.) a pathetic individual and b.) a serf .
so much for the change in america
when be people go to realise that sexual orientation , skin colour and ethnicity have no bear on what be inside the person and their personality .
as long as you a good person , regardless of anything else then that be all that matter .
shame on california - it show what the real attitude on homosexuality be .
people pretend to be fine with it - but their be ignorance deep inside .
what a sad day for " new " america . it seem while racism be rightly widely condemn there be still a lot of homophobia around .
the sad thing be not that many seem to care
personally , i think they should have leave it ( who care about homosexual get marry ? ) but it 's quite common in the us for thing that become law by virtue of court decision to later be subject to public vote .
this be one such case .
gay marriage be never legislate for in california .
this proposition - approve by the public - trump a court decision .
i be read an article about how we need more black sold model for young black people to aspire to .
because apparently , all young black in britain need an extra reminder not to commit crime and be involve in gang .
this highlight a severely racist phenomenon that be consider completely acceptable .
that all these initiative be exclusively targeting young black british people ( in attempt to curb the apparent swarm of exclusively black teenager beg to be part of a gang ) while completely ignore any other skin colour .
now obviously not every black male want to go commit crime all day , and the evidence suggest that black like commit crime just as little as other skin colour do .
so why the disproportionate representation in the media and in crime prevention strategy ?
why do nobody care about crime in the east european , the asian or ( god forbid ) the white community ?
why be nobody say how great a role model plan b be for all the young white kid grow up in council estate .
you can go anywhere in britain and see that gang culture and criminal exist everywhere , in every ethnic group .
logic would dictate that a white orient initiative would make the most sense for demographic reason .
or how about something which do not base its case on skin colour and ethnic origin ?
do people really think that a poor white teenager do n't need support , encouragement or aspiration ?
i completely agree with everything you 've say .
i also think it 's this ridiculous idea that crime in certain ethnic group need to be deal with more urgently that cause more problem .
if the ethnicity and colour of those commit crime be n't mention , it would be much less big a deal . why this country feel the need to consistently talk about the colour of people be beyond me .
it 's like when we beg for asian @/@ black police officer .
if they do n't want to do it , they won't .
we should be judge on our merit , not our skin colour .
i believe it 's thing like this that make white people believe the country be go against them .
if the government do n't deal with thing only to do with race , then i , perhaps naively and idealistically , believe that it would become less of a big deal .
in london , black commit a disproportionate amount of crime .
hence , why they 're targeted .
most gang in london be full of black .
black role model give black people hope .
it 's not about whether it should or why do it , it just do because black community be a semi @-@ community .
totally agree .
poor white people ( pre 20 th century , just poor people ) have be discriminate against for hundred of year in britain .
immigration happen and we 're suddenly part of the oppress class ?
grow up poor and white in a mostly non white school be horrible .
have to learn about the evilness of white people repeatedly really do n't give white kid the impression that they have a place in our multicultural society .
the reason specific ethnic group be targeted for try to reduce crime be because , for whatever reason , crime overall be often higher statistically in these group .
this be not because their race or culture be wrong or bad in any way , it 's simply a fact that certain group have higher rate of crime .
whether it 's the result of poverty or cultural difference and stress in britain that be leave them vulnerable to get lure into crime , pretend that a group that have more prevalence for crime have n't be just foolish .
i do n't know the statistic , but if black youth be the target of an anti @-@ crime and role @-@ model drive , then it 's probably because they have a higher crime rate than other group , and because the government want to make sure that whatever factor it be ( because we know it 's not their race itself ) be address so they can have a better future .
and there be scheme targeting white population , but when there be an imbalance between ethnic group , it surely have to be a priority to address what be cause this imbalance - if for nothing else then for the sake of equality !
there 's a lot of talk recently about how diversity be necessary , but how far do we go ?
and how do we judge what be a good and strong @/@ positive multiracial country ?
when you look at other western country like canada , america , australia , the vast majority of its immigrant be not white these day and be probably head for a more diverse future , so much so to the point that these nation will have very different demographic look to them in 50 year time .
they will have great brag right you could say when it come to multiracialism and diversity than britain or most european country will maybe not have .
you often here quote like " hollywood be too white " " the tories be too white " but what define what be " too white "?
so i 'm wonder if people could put britain in the same context ?
like i say people brand multiracialism as a good thing , very few want to go back to a 100 % white society but how multiracial do we need to go to satisfy the vast majority of people , particularly liberal ?
i personally think it 's completely necessary but i know many of my opponent will disagree .
are we still not multiracial enough compare to some of our western rival ? ?
what do you think ? ?
mate you be all confuse .
when people say " the tories be too white " or " hollywood be too white "
what they mean be " the amount of white people in the tories be disproportionately represent compare to the british population ".
i.e. 14 % of the british population be non @-@ white , but 14 % of the tories be not correspondingly non @-@ white .
there be a bias in representation .
this be bad because it mean certain race be be exclude .
this be completely different to ask whether an entire nation population should be a certain skin colour - skin colour should be irrelevant .
it 's absolutely sicken you would want to diminish a race 's presence just for the sake of it .
the question be pretty , well , questionable
i do n't know of many people who want diversity for diversity 's sake .
the issue with place like " white " hollywood be the glass ceiling that keep minority and women out , as there be the feel ( whether true or not ! ) that there be not a level and fair play field .
funny how people come up with imaginary argument from the " other side ", as i 've never hear any of these " liberal " you refer to .
i think , as usual , you 're frame an argument in a way that will make your so call opinion look bad
if a memeber of your family be go an illegal activty would you conact the police about their action ?
obviously that depends on the activity .
i 'm not go to report my mate for drive at 80 on the motorway but if i suspect he be a serial killer i might be incline to tell somebody
i do n't know if contact the police would be the rationale approach .
i think i would personally confront that family memeber .
if i be unsuccessful i 'd get other family member to help and ultimately if they still refuse to listen -- i 'd leave them to their own accord and let them do what they belive be right or wrong .
because at the end of the day , my conscious would be clear [in the sense that i do try and help them].
tell the police would not be wise , as you 'd be create enemy .
it 'd depend what they be do .
if i do n't think they be harm anyone ( smoke dope , illegally downloading music etc ) then i would n't report them ; if they be hurt other people ( violent crime , theft from individual etc ) then i definitely would .
same go for anyone i be aware of commit a crime , tbh .
i would n't go ' ooh , you 've murder ten people with an axe , but you 're my mum so i won't tell anyone '
the main argument i hear about this issue be that this country be ' full ' or that there 's enough unemployment as it be .
what exactly make people feel that british people deserve to remain in this country more than anyone else who just happen to have be born into poverty or war ?
surely if we 're all equal then no matter where one 's born , they have equal right to live in the uk as someone born here .
i 'm not against immigration but i think it should be more regulate .
why ? because immigration have already cause a lot of " social issue " and until we solve those problem i do n't think its good to just let everyone in .
how should it work : education of english , their intention , and to what they will contribute and most importantly their ideology and belief .
to those whom the welfare state be the biggest concern i think the problem arise from the fact that there be already too many english people sponge off the state and if we add anymore people be it immigrant or " britons " our state of government would collapse and then our economy .
because i wish to protect diversity .
if immigration level be too high , the indigenous population ' gene pool will eventually become so dilute to essentially be extinct .
the cultural and genetic distinction that make the world a diverse , vary and interesting place will be lose , forever .
so that mean that in contrast to the general population they be actually slightly under represented therefore the nhs do not rely on immigrant as much as leftie tsr user claim they do .
well certainly in london they be here .
but to be honest if you live in a village like manchester , anywhere in the south west of england , or anywhere as a matter of fact in the rest of the uk , all you will find be white , but in london you will find ethnic people
besides this be from 2005 , i 'm pretty sure that the figure would be different now .
correct me if i 'm wrong .
the data be nearly 7 year old .
your point that this show that there be n't as many immigrant in the nhs as people think be surely not prove by that data - immigrant can be white e.g. immigrant from italy or poland would be count under the white statistic .
all i see on thestudentroom these day be agitate non @-@ muslims interrogate muslims , criticising their religion ( as any sane person would ) , muslims sign up to the student room just to post some anti @-@ israel propaganda to persuade people about how evil israel be or how islam be the religion of peace
it seem that the blood libel rumour of medeival time that jews kill christian baby to use their blood for wine be today in the form of zionists/jews/israelis kill palestinian baby just because theyre pure evil , and i think the islamic propaganda machine be succeed in convince people ?
anything which take side against muslims get a million negs - its obvious muslims be in a huge presence on tsr .
with a quarter of all primary school children from ethnic minority ( mainly islamic ) be the race @-@ relation and religious demography of thestudentroom a sign of thing to come on a national scale in britain ?
from tsr to a national scale be a pretty big jump do n't you think .
also this be a forum where topic be go to be discuss and these be categorised e.g. religion .
so you have a choice in view these thread and not be part of this so call propaganda .
also in my opinion there be more atheist than muslims on tsr .
and what have jews , zionists and palestine get to do with islam ?
finally " a quarter of all primary school children be muslim ".
i 've be threaten by countless of them on here .
generally they need positive feedback all the time , eithewise they get really agressive .
most of them be racist in my opinion .
agree , if people want to be muslim - then fine .
but when it become their life objective to annoy the life out people with their " read the quaran - or die ! !!" thread , it become a bit annoy -@ _ @-
over the past 1 @-@ 2 year i 've have quite a few discussion with people about current affair ( namely the issue of terrorism and the related issue of immigration , global politics etc ) and quite often hear a common belief that a british civil war will erupt when ethnic minority increase in number and become more estabished .
this beleif be common amonst certain white british nationalist etc...
i do n't believe this will ever happen for various reasons....
do any of you beleive that a british @/@ english civil war will take place ( on the basis of race/identity )?
if so , what do you predict/envisage ?
i believe it will happen ( something similar to what india have now to an israel @-@ palestine type thing ) .
what a ridiculous comparison .
how be it any different ?
the only difference be palestine be still suffer injustice .
as the number of minority group who do n't respect secular law increase they will demand greater autonomy , and mini @-@ vassal state will appear but still remain part of the uk ( like palestine ) and thing will get pretty tense .
so you reckon that first a large imperial power will rule the uk ( like the ottoman rule palestine ) .
this imperial power will be defeat and then power will pass to another power ( like palestine become a british mandate ) .
so you think that an entire group of people be go to move to the uk after a genocide , and then a state will be establish , vote for and partition by the unite nation ?
you then think that neighbouring country will then invade this new state , that the native british people will be force to flee to like cornwall ( gaza ) and yorkshire , lincolnshire , norfolk , suffolk , essex and a part of east london ( west bank ) .
that these british people will form militant group , that want to return to the former england .
that this new state will be support by the usa who will provide it with diplomatic protection and weaponry ?
as i say , absolutely mental to transplant israel @/@ palestine to the uk .
not sure how britain can call itself a civilised country when a woman be rape every 10 minute .
for some people , civilisation seem to rest on how rapist be treat when in custody and not how many rapist actually exist .
i be disgust by modern britain .
something need to be do obviously the easiest way to stop rape be to deal with rapist a lot tough and send out a clear message that it be not acceptable .
at the moment they be give on average 7 year in jail .
its a disgrace .
no other country in the history of the world have be so permissive towards criminal .
britain : weak on crime , tough on the victim of crime .
on a serious note rapist should have longer sentence , i would be happy for them to spend their whole life in prison if it 's beyond practically any doubt they rape someone
i do n't see how tougher prison sentence will prevent rape from occur .
the appellation of ' rapist ' be stigmatising enough ; the scum who rape people clearly do n't care about the consequence .
the sentence rapist and paedophiles ae give be joke .
wow , people be so reactionary .
there be so many different type of rape , and situation , a single life sentance make no sense .
it be a crime of massive degree of difference , i think the mark of a good legal system be that it can deal with every individual crime , rather than simply hand out the same punishment ragrdless of the circumstance .
that say , we could be tougher on all criminal , not just rapist .
and , to put thing into perspective , how often do women have consensual sex ?
what 's that ?
you do n't know(!)
oh well nvm then...
bring back capital punishment .
sorry to have to point out the bleed obvious to the majority of you , but it seem like a minority of user actually have to be tell this : do not make troll post or " joke " about rape , it be n't funny .
for rape ?
are you for real ?
not just rapist , overall perhaps ?
i 'm honestly shock by that number , i would have think it would be more than that .
although that be just the number of report rape , which probably do n't even account for half .
what do you mean by that ?
do you think it 's not one of the most serious crime ?
i keep frequently see thread make hate on islam , which be somewhat hypocritical and disturbing i believe in many case .
i be an atheist ; therefore i be not try to defend islam out of be ' islamic ' before i be accuse of that .
i be also consider by british nationalist to be 100 % british ( although i reject the idea that it make a real difference ) , so i be not show sympathy for islam out of experience similar hostility or racism .
however , i do believe that islam and christianity , along with other major religion , all play very similar and negative role in the world .
therefore , i do not believe we should be cherry @-@ pick islam as some specific evil , but rather oppose all religion for the extremely negative role they play in the world .
the usual argument held against islam be that it be responsible for terrorism .
this may be correct , but the fact of the matter be ; whether somebody be use islam to commit terrible act , regardless of the wrongdoing , all major religion play a large role in shape society , and ultimately , fulfil play a very similar negative role .
and when use the idea that islam inspires terrorism, if we be honestly that bother about such wrong @-@ do in the world , then we would surely be more concern with end the much more severe crisis 's and wrong @-@ do 's such as starvation and war .
both of these ill be far more widespread and important than the threat of terrorism , as of which we be more like to die by our own hand rather than by the hand of an ' islamic terrorist '.
it be almost unbelievable how the idea that a christian should have any sympathy or support when they proclaim a dislike for islam , when the religion they subscribe to right now in britain , be play a much more negative role .
we should oppose religion simply on the basis that all religion play a negative role .
but we should not bully specific religion because of certain condition and influence of the society we presently live in .
this be of course , an argument only for those who aspire to reason , rationality and evidence in mind .
i have no expectation that i will be receive any support for my remark by christians or other adherent of major religion .
i be an atheist and i think islam be the most inherently evil religion out of all the other one .
i would choose to live in a christian society over a muslim one any day .
as an atheist i can differentiate between islam and christianity , in that christianity be progressive , whilst islam be not .
well to be honest it 's a two head coin .
i completely agree sometimes , there be a horrendously bad labeling of islam unnecessarily .
but sometimes it do no come under as much criticism ( for small case , not the religion as a whole ) as other religion because people just get label racist .
i know everybody be gonna neg me as racist but someone have to say it .
similarly to how not all claim be create equal , and individual claim require differ level of evidence , neither be all religion create equal and it be rational to dislike a certain religion over another if one can be show to be more detrimental to another .
so it be irrelevant that you believe all religion play a negative role , even though i agree with you , because our priority should be focused on those which be the most detrimental .
would you honestly have us use the same resource in combating the negative effect of islam and combating the negative effect of jainism ?
i would also like you to back up your assertion that christianity , which in this country be in a weak and almost laughable form , be play a more negative role in britain 's society than islam be right now .
also , read your post you appear to be a highly arrogant , self @-@ righteous , and cocky person .
your last sentence be almost cringe worthy in its self @-@ importance .
you 're 21 .
time to get some humility and eat some humble pie , because i guarantee you 're go to be wrong on countless thing throughout your life .
if you compare a traditionally christian/buddhist/whatever country to a traditionally islamic country in term of stability , equality , safety and crime , quality of life etc , there 's a good chance the non @-@ islamic one be go to come out on top ( there would likely be exception , but as a general rule.)
that be one reason why people perceive it to be worse for society .
and i do n't say this out of hate .
i 'm aware that most individual muslims be friendly and civilised fellow .
we live in an age where celebrity be god and fame be seek after above all else .
people go crazy when see celebrity , faint when they touch them and track their each and every movement via magazine , hell there 's a subforum dedicate to them on this site !
why do we feel the need to elevate people to celebrity status and worship them ? i really do n't understand how this culture emerge and why .
must have something to do with provide people with god to worship and adore in an age in which god have be kill . by do so , i guess , many people be save from nihilism as a result of the loss of value from the death of god . thus , superstar and rockstars be put on a pedastal for people to look up to and aspire to be like . if we be live in ancient rome , for example , the superstar and rockstars would be the heroic gladiator , but the best gladiator be often think of as god in their own right . they be supposedly treat like god . ceasar himself be worship as a god by the people . the god of yestreday be the star of today . when charles atlas become famous they be say he be a god . great individual be sometimes regard as more than human by their fan . fred astair , al jolson , charlie chaplin , james dean , marlon brando , elvis , sinatra , bruce lee , bowie , morrissey , boy band like take that , lady gaga and the like .
i think its disgust that the death of a drink and drug adict get 15 seperate article on the bbc news website , and there wasnt even a mention of the british soldier kill in the same week . people need to get priority in order
i can n't recall hear of this much before the riot of late , so i wonder whether it will become a regular crime from now on .
it do n't have to occur alongside a riot , but carefully plan and limit to a close circle , it could be a very lucractive crime .
if a circle of 10 @-@ 15 target a high @-@ end retailer during a perfectly normal shop day , perhaps at a strategic location and time , i do n't really see what could stop them from loot a shop with lot of valuable merchandise within proximity of the entrance e.g. luxury clothe shop .
if we make that number 100 @/@ 200 it would be nearly impossible to stop them .
are you try to set something up or what ?
that 's different though , the riot be promote like a chain letter , be n't they , rather than a plot between a few people who all actually knew each other , and therefore could be round up fairly easily .
and surely it 's just " loot " because it be still associate with general civil unrest .
but people will see the footage of them carry off luxury goods for nothing and even pose alongside plasmas .
they 'll get idea .
apparently it be in a multicultural office . my arse it be .
even our own english people arent even allow to do anything because it will offend these immigrants...
as richard dawkins say , " so what if youre offend ?
im offend by backwards baseball cap and chew gum , doesnt mean im go to abolish it "
okay , i mean to say ban , not arrest .
id like to make this clear , its not the muslims be have a go at , but the official .
they recieved complaint ( could be muslims , we dont know ) , and the official say breastfeed be offfensive to muslims .
why do the official ssay that ?
i think its because this country be afraid of muslims - suicide bomber , poppy burner , stone people to death.... you know the story .
these official be say its offensive because they want to go on the muslims good side and not make any enemy .
islam be a bad religion .
in fact all religion be bad imo .
i think that 's a bit much .
it 's not up to muslims if she breastfeed her child her not .
tell her to fee her baby in a toilet be also ridiculous .
muslims be n't offend by breastfeed , it be just the labour councillor of the multicultural office say ' it will offend them '
people like this just end up create argument between 2 different religion @/@ community for no reason what so ever
you know what the problem be with this country ?
our school dont teach critical think .
how much of a **** do you have to be to design a curriculum without critical think on it ?
if you can ban something somebody else do based on your faith , everybody else can ban thing you do based on their faith .
if you want everybody else to use reason with you , you have to use reason with them .
how many of you support capital punishment ?
this be what i think @-
argument for :
- those who murder deserve to have the same done to them
- can be a deterrent
- justice for the victim 's family
- cheap than prison
argument against :
- the person kill could be innocent
- it 's inhumane and barbaric , the criminal may be able to be reform
- it make us just as bad as them
ultimately , i really do n't know how i stand on this issue . up until recently i be very much in favour of it . i 'd say that maybe it should be use in extreme circumstance but it 'd be difficult to know when not to execute someone .
any comment ?
to be honest i 'm for it if it 's cheaper . other than that , meh . i think be in isolation for year at a time would be worse than a quick death , although i 'm not sure .
but then , i 'm not sure if the death sentance would be cheaper , as you 'd have to have a mass of appeal and such like before hand .
i would n't support it for first time offenses , but when a criminal be give a second chance and reoffends , i 'm all for it... i mean , if the evidence be 100 % conclusive that be , which be the case most of the time now with modern technology etc
i be on a tour in ireland last week when the operator on the bus ask where everyone be from .
as it happen i be the only british person on the bus , and when ask i say that i be from ' england '.
the guide then say , ' no you 're not , you 're from the unite kingdom ' and start make a big deal out of it and i get quite embarassed .
i be actually really angry at that though because i identify far more as english than i do as british .
when we be in the pub later on , two argentinians also comment , say that they do n't think it be right for him to say that , as you would n't expect a scottish person to say that they be from the uk .
be it only the english who be n't allow this kind of pride in where they live ?
personally i find it nonsensical to be proud of something you have n't choose or done , but it 's up to you if you want to be proud where you come from .
i could n't care less really what my nationality be , it 's just letter on a passport ,
i still wonder what my identity be , a human be , a brit , a european ?
no , i prefer to call myself a overgrown monkey .
you be allow to state where you 're from .
that be n't pride . that 's just a statement of fact .
i do n't think there 's anything massively wrong to to feel a sentimental pride towards your country ,
it be human nature to feel attach to where you come from .
it be nationalism that become an issue .
his jump down your throat be his problem .
you 're from the uk and england so in my opinion which ever one you choose to identify yourself as you be correct .
you 've probably guess what this one 's about !
in the 2001 census , the question of what people 's religious affiliation be , and many people decide to put " jedi " in the hope that it would be recognised as an official religion .
it be n't . but 390,000 people decide tocall themselves jedis anyway .
i 'm wonder what people make of this .
i kinda expect more jedis to be out there , although in all honesty , i would say that i have n't actually see anyone wield a lightsaber , so that may be flaw .
i just think that seven in every thousand people be a bit small , since the campaign be well @-@ publicised , and there be no repurcussions for not tell the truth on the religion question .
so what do everyone else make of it ?
i know quite a few jews put down ''jedi'' on the census as they do n't want government record that they be jewish - that 's how hitler manage to find all the jews so easily - it be all keep carefully on detailed and accurate note .
it can be argue that it be none of the government 's concern as to where each jew/muslim/sikh/christian etc. lives..
how would that affect gdp or the state of the economy ?
on the other hand it can be say that they should know who practice what as they run the country and can thus make law accord the proportionate number of each faith etc.
- as a jew and have experience anti @-@ semtism myself ( as many jews have and do ) i would sway towards the former view in term of safety , but i can understand why people would disagree with this and choose the latter .
earlier this month the result from the 2011 british social attitude survey be publish by the government .
the main find , as mention in the title , be that for the first time a full 50 % of british people no long associate themselves with any religion , and over half of the people that do affiliate with a religion never attend religious service or meeting , with only 14 % attend such event on a weekly basis .
it 's die . good .
i do n't really care either way , to be honest .
all this really prove be that the question on the census need reword .
nice to see that those lack a religion be now a majority , although thankfully uk christians tend to be very reserve and moderate unlike their us counterpart .
though undoubtedly many of the response on this thread will still use the 2001 census as a reliable source for religious demographics despite the fact it 's ten year old .
good .
will be interesting to compare this to the census data when it 's release .
i be regain my faith in humanity .
america next .
america be probably a lost cause , but i 'm please to see we 're go scandinavian .
this be n't intrinsically an anti @-@ islam thread .
nor be i say that other religion do n't have follower that do thing that be similar and worse .
today that 's not my focus .
million of lamb be ritually kill a short time ago .
many muslims make the claim that it be do in a way that be painless .
however , i 'm unsure of what be really go on .
children be see to be show disrespect and a lack of care .
adult the same .
even if you claim that animal and human simply be n't equal , it do not justify harm them .
it would be like claim i be above someone else therefore i can do what i want to them .
it do n't make any sense .
this video show the lamb , which appear to be in a great deal of pain , be kill .
my question be , how be that peaceful ?
or justify ?
in this day and age in the western world it have become increasingly easy to be a vegan .
so why would you put animal intentionally through unnecessary pain and suffer ?
graphic video in spoiler :
2 minute in you see a lamb kill .
6.44 what look like salt be put over where the wound will be . will this not worsen the pain ?
during the hajj , muslims remember and commemorate the trial and triumph of the prophet abraham ( as ) .
the meat from the sacrifice of eid al @-@ adha be mostly give away to others although there be no limit to what may be eat or give in charity or use to fee the poor or the rich or even if one want to give it away cook or uncooked .
generally though , it be prefer that you give most of it in charity .
the method of slaughter be similar to the one used throughout the whole world , by muslims and non @-@ muslims .
there be probably many variant though but consider one method " worse " than another be subjective .
the most important difference though be that in islam , you be obligate to put the animal under as little pain as possible and to treat it humanely ( during the slaughter and every instant of it 's live before it ) .
anyone who say halal ritual do not cause pain be a liar .
i have see an animal throat slit and it survive and be in a lot of pain .
ironically it be a pig that be be slaughter .
i be in cyprus and they slit its throat .
before any muslim say " it be n't do properly , " do n't talk that crap .
the cut be so deep i be surprise it be n't fully decapitate .
however the pig squeal in agony and be still run until it bleed out .
i 'm sorry but its all a load of crap " halal doesnt cause pain "
if you have a problem with the slaughter of animal , you should be vegetarian and disapprove of all slaughter , which i assume you be .
why this have anything to do with islam and a festival where lamb be slaughter for the poor in memory of ibrahim 's ( abraham 's ) loyalty to god i do not see .
oh and btw , a few year ago i be in a town near my home city in india with my family for qurbani - and literally the people there be starve and malnourished beyond belief .
to such people , the pain of an animal be the last thing on their mind .
i only mention because it be so easy to view thing from a western first world perspective , which be why we also criticise chinese fur farm where fur be strip from animal when they be alive cause unbelievable pain for incredibly long extended period , but to a chinese family in the remote rural region , it be their only source of bread and butter - and trust me , these people who really do not know whether they will get another meal ( unlike the gluttony we engage in 24 @/@ 7 since birth here in the west ) think very differently from us - and justifiably so .
the recent case of the christian pastor in iran have give me cause to ponder the question in the thread title .
here we have a man who know that his life be in great peril if he refuse to recant his christian faith , yet that be exactly what he do .
it go without say that his bravery be truly commendable .
his possible martyrdom parallel that of the apostle who evangelised in the knowledge that what they be do would likely get them kill .
i often wonder if i would be so brave if i be in their shoe
i love god more than anything , but it 's impossible to imagine what kind of pressure the pastor in iran be under .
would you sacrifice yourself in defence of your faith ?
yes , without doubt , yes i will sacrifice myself in defence of my faith .
god do sacrifice himself for us , so i think it 's sensible for us to sacrifice ourselves for our religion .
even if i be religious i doubt i would ever die for my religion .
whats the point ?
do you think it get you an automatic ticket to heaven ?
be it go to change the mind of the one who kill you ?
what about your family and friend ?
if someone hold a gun to your head and demmands you recant , just f***ing do it ! !
it doesnt mean anything , god isnt go to deny you access to heaven because you make a perfectly rational decision under intense pressure
i 've be watch some of his video and i definitely think he have a right to criticize religion if he want to .
but i find a lot of the time he make such sweeping statement and sometimes unnecessary insult that annoy me .
what do you think of him and his video ?
he 's a bit aggressive , rave and rant a lot , and mix up a lot of different political stance into one bundle when many be in no way relate , but beyond that....
yeah , guy speak a lot of truth .
everytime when i watch him , i think to myself " okay , we get it .
you hate muslims .
and your point is..?".
just spot the thread about the patterson film , and look over at it they 're seem to be some people claim to not only believe in bigfoot but claim to have see one , not im not sure if this be sarcasm , but what the hell....
anyone see a real life sasquatch ?
i 've see an actual photograph of an actual person in an actual bigfoot costume .
do that count ?
for any who be n't already aware huntster believe he come upon a sasquatch trackway and i while camp with friend on vancouver island several year ago find two set of track and have a close range audio encounter with what at the time i attributed to sasquatch( es @- at the time i think there be an adult and juvenile ) but now i discount the event as inconclusive and likely mistaken identity give the spurious nature of bf evidence .
however , i still fel pretty confident i could rule out hoax because of the remoteness of the area .
but hey , you never know...
i actually surf in after a year because i want to hear the jref side on this issue . no one appear to have post about this yet .
apparently , the two folk that die pay nearly 10,000 dollar to attend the new age sweat lead by two time oprah guest .
james arthur ray - a non @-@ native american , lead over 60 people into the sweat ' lodge '.
20 people become ill , and one more be still in critical condition tonight .
i just read about this story .
it 's a tragedy , and i also find it reveal that the new age guru in question , mr. ray , have since leave the state of arizona .
from what i understand , it sound like ray do n't know what the hell he be do , because he put entirely too many people in entirely too small a space .
in addition , they cover the lodge with material that do n't allow for decent air flow .
put all of that together , and you have a situation ripe for asphyxiation .
apparently they be still want to question the guy .
they say he be uncooperative .
i do n't know much about the law on this but would n't it be negligent homicide or something ?
this would be an interesting story to keep up with .
i have be search for this story to no avail .
a few week ago me and a few friend watch a tv show on discovery ( their house not mine ! ) where a guy claim to have recover from a coma with a newfound ability...
he can play the piano like an expert .
he say he can n't write music , but he see musical note in his mind and he can " miraculously " play them seemingly perfect , or close to it .
he claim to have no musical train and have never play an instrument in his life .
my b.s. meter go off , of course .
do anyone here have more information about this guy ?
i can n't remember his name...i think he be in the u.s.
i can n't find anything on the web or here at jref .
for musician : i wonder how he would handle key signature since he say the note just fly by in his mind .
are they notate as sharp or flat ?
or be he stick in c major forever ?
my off the cuff guess be that he play the piano before the coma .
perhaps he be a fail musician and see an opportunity to get into the limelight .
i would think people in his life would know that he could play previously , but as we all know , believer won't care , or simply claim that these people be lie .
the ability to play the piano and other instrument to a high level not only involve technical ability but also physical train ( remember the first time you try to spin note on a guitar or piano ? )
how be it possible he wake with all his piano play muscle fully develop ?
well in the case of the guy sack write about , it be more a matter of wake up to a newfound passion for the piano , not that he wake a fully develop piano player .
he claim to have be a guy who listen to rock music before the accident , but afterward could n't get enough of piano music , start to sit down at a piano to play , and then more and more often , and then he be hear music in his head , and it just become an obsession .
so nothing really mystical about it . the man himself seem to put a spiritual spin on it , but it make sense all the same without it .
i 'd say it 's not impossible .
he seem to be play by ear .
his music be unstructured ; it sound like he 's just play whatever come into his head .
he 's not play classical work like mozart .
also , i 'd say he 's self @-@ teach at the very least .
watch his hand .
he do n't hold them in the typical position that most piano player be teach .
he look like he 's just stab at the next note he want to play .
it have be note that there have be a lot of thread create on the topic of global warm .
a great number of these topic rapidly descend into bicker and other rule violation .
although one of the biggest thread be put on moderate status , it seem that many of the other thread have spring up in order to avoid moderate status .
that thread have now be close .
since many of the thread cover the same or similar ground , we 've decide to keep only this thread for general global warm discussion , which will be moderate .
unless the topic be very different from the " general " discussion , new thread and post about global warm will be move to that thread if they satisfy the membership agreement .
failure to confine general discussion to this moderate thread or start other thread for general discussion will be treat as rule 6 violation and subject to a series of escalate penalty just like any other membership violation .
we hope this will encourage civility in the discussion of global warm .
we realize this topic inspire strong emotion , but please contain your emotion to those form which be permissible under the membership agreement .
i do n't know if you guy have follow potholer54 's channel on youtube , but his series of delightfully devastate and wither video on climate science and creationism be something to behold .
the latest in the series look at the " scientist " that represent the denialist side in the climate " debate "
i 'm aware of realclimate.org , have read a few article and what not over the last few month .
the response be of course tongue and cheek , a commentary on the nonsense that you can n't have a meaningful discussion without hot link .
hoepfully this new thread will promote just such discussion .
i do n't see how , short of turn to nuclear entirely , how we can reduce co2 level without sequester and ge .
not only that , but if you believe the current model to be accurate , we need to reduce the effect of co2 now .
so this could have be in the science , music , or current event forum and if any mod should choose to move it , that will be fine with me .
i 'm watch the grammys and they 've put on a tribute to glenn campbell include campbell sing rhinestone cowboy .
and in the tribute they announce he have alzheimer 's .
it amaze me that people be be diagnose when they still have enough think capacity to discuss their fate .
be rich , i hope he get to try the new treatment recently successfully use on mice .
i would .
it 's a drug currently approve for chemotherapy in human .
this will be remarkable if it pan out .
so why do i post this and make it about glenn campbell instead of just about the science ?
i do n't know .
it just strike me hear the announcement campbell have alzheimer 's at the same time he be still well enough to appear on stage at the grammy 's .
it 's weird .
and the discovery of a treatment that be a drug already approve for use in human should make a bit different of a pathway for research .
if you be wealthy or simply have access to the drug , and have alzheimer 's would you use it immediately instead of wait for conclusive study ?
i have this discussion with linda ( fls ) in the past and i really wish she have n't leave the forum because i 'd like to use this example to revisit the discussion .
i can n't speak for her but i get the impression she would wait for the research to be more conclusive .
i use the criteria : if it be not harmful and there be some evidence it might work , and if there be no better alternative , i think it be worth try .
in this case it be the potential benefit and lack of any alternative treatment and the fact alzheimer 's be such a devastate terminal disease that it outweigh the fact the research be premature .
what say the rest of you ?
i 'd do it in a heartbeat .
our brain be who we be , and without memory we be just animal .
you risk almost nothing , to gain everything .
my feel be that when i grow old enough that i 've " have a good run , " why not donate my body to science before i die ?
if i have some disease that will kill me in a few month or year anyway , then , by all mean , experiment on me with some new drug that have potential .
and if i have some issue that won't kill me for awhile , well , what the hell if the new drug cause some side effect ?
i can always stop take it .
either way , there be some chance that i 'll help people younger than i be .
and once i die , then take my body and do whatever be useful with it .
i do n't need it anymore .
i be my mind .
at age 72 , with the possibility of alzheimer 's loom in my future , i would take any supplement or drug -- experimental or otherwise -- that may prevent or delay this dread condition .
obviously i would avoid anything demonstrably and seriously harmful .
many conjecture like nsaids , simvastatin , fish oil have come and gone .
i have and will continue to try them all until they be proven ineffective or seriously harmful .
precious little news on development .
last i see russian scientist be say that they may have reach the surface .
i be frankly about as interested in this as be humanly possible .
though i expect that little will be find outside of micro @-@ organism , i have hope that there will be discovery similar to those around the black smoker .
my kid be hope for cthulhu .
they may have to wait until after xmas .
a bit of an anticlimax consider the conversation we have on the subject last year ,
much more grip than this thread mate !
the huge interconnected lake about two mile below antarctic ice can n't be touch because they must be under enormous pressure .
i would think that to drill into them would cause a collapse of hundred of mile of ice , erupt water , flood and wipe out area the size of victoria ?
as be usual at jref , much hilarity and education then ensued...
anxiety and inattention over tokyo 's next big one
it point out that a magnitude 7 earthquake be actually 1000 time smaller in term of energy release that the magnitude 9.0 earthquake that cause the tsunami last year .
however , the great kanto earthquake of 1923 which kill over 100,000 be a 7.9 .
and , i 'm pretty sure they do n't mean that this earthquake will be exactly magnitude 7 .
it could be bigger .
still , i think that tokyo be more earthquake @-@ resistant today than it be in 1923 .
so , i guess i 'll take my chance .
take your chance ? !
what do you live in tokyo ?
curious...do other earthquake agency agree with the data from tokyo ?
i would like to know what scale they 're use , because different seismic scale can result in enormously different result .
a perfect example be the two largest christchurch earthquake .
the first be m7+ but do only minor damage and cause no fatality due to a low mercalli intensity read ( actual measure of intensity of shake in a particular place ) .
the second m6.3 quake register at x ( intense ) and higher on the mercalli intensity scale and have the highest peak ground acceleration ever record .
many seismologist have say that the quake would have completely flatten almost any city in the world .
in term of energy release , the deadly christchurch quake be not particularly big , but in term of shake intensity it be one of the most destructive quake ever record .
japan 's " shindo " scale be like the mercalli intensity scale , but do n't have anywhere near as many division .
the highest category be 7 which seem to equate with viii on the mercalli scale ( it go up to xii ) .
this basically mean a scale 7 quake could be anything from a decently size but not overly destructive quake right up to a city @-@ leveling event .
i hear this term for a single world currency .
why be it that cts seem to think this be a threat ?
we can n't even get 2.5 political party to agree on fundamental economic principle .
there 's no reason to believe that we could get the us , mexico and canada to ever agree on a common currency .
plus , the euro zone be show strain around the edge , so now would be a very bad time to try .
so why do you guy think the us invade iraq and afghanistan ?
do you think our leader really think iraq have wmd ?
and do you think they actually care ?
who benefit from the war ?
which industry , which money @/@ power interest , which lobby group , etc ?
why be the us posture so strongly against iran ?
are they really concern about wmds ?
what would iran do with wmds that would scare the us so much ?
iran take great control and spread rebellion against us ?
regional arm race ?
iran use the bomb ?
america have be toying with the idea of " revisiting " iraq ever since the first war end , particularly in 1998 , when saddam first start get coy with the inspector .
it do n't get much traction then because america be , at the time , experience a resurgance of isolation after the end of the cold war .
the issue be the same then , but bush find the post @-@ 9 @/@ 11 america a bit more ameniable to the idea of war .
oil , wmds , al queda , these be all simply mcguffins .
the real reason be that saddam be a petty dictator who weilded an inordinate amount of influence and be continually give the impression that he be up to something .
whether he actually be or not be n't the point .
be careful of special interest group hijack the message .
that 's what happen to the tea party lead them to be co @-@ opted into the fox news gop .
even if people show up who you agree with on some political issue , ask yourselves if that issue be actually relate to what the protest be about .
there will be , and probably already be , many faction who want nothing more than to turn the entire movement into a dnc fundraiser .
suddenly it will be about collective bargain for teacher or something else that do n't involve a corporation at all , let alone wall street .
the partisan on both side will try and expand their trench such that your movement fall into them .
keep an eye out , do n't be the next tea party .
what identity ?
it 's a collection of every wingnut cause out there , from ron paultards to communist to anarchist to anti @-@ israel to people who like to dress as zombie .
they want more government , less government , more immigration , protectionism , etc etc.
they protest corporation even as they organize on facebook and twitter and youtube use laptop computer and smart phone , all fruit of corporation .
they rail against oil company while power generator with gasoline .
they want to end capitalism , while also get better pay .
what entity will pay them absent capitalism i have no idea .
kid throw a temper tantrum , basically .
they interview some of them on npr the other day .
one guy admit they do n't have a cohesive message and he be n't sure if they could have one consider the disparate group that be there .
he also acknowledge the irony of use large corporation like verizon to get the message out and use the mcdonalds to go to the bathroom .
the new york time print an opinion piece by a mr eric x. lee which assert china 's political system be superior to americas .
i do n't know if they though they be be edgy , but that 's a pretty stupid thing to print .
what next ?
islamic attitude to women superior to the west 's ?
you think people should only print that which toe the party line ?
why be it a " stupid thing to print " - opinion piece as far as i know be mean to be opinion and it may surprise some folk but not everyone hold the same opinion as they do .
given that news paper often print opinion piece to raise interest in their title it seem that it be far from be a pretty stupid thing to print as we be talk about the newspaper...
yeah , your thread title rather give a mislead opinion about the nyt virus .
i 'm sure that be a complete accident of course .
i hear all sort of perspective on marriage . those who think monogamy be the proper standard , those who think monogamy be a tool use to oppress women , those who think that polygamy be terrible , those who think that polygamy be natural , etc.
but virtually ever culture in the world have some form of marriage...a concept in which a life @-@ long union be idealize , where there be formal ceremony to ' sanctify ' a man and a woman ( or multiple thereof ) . culture where , from childhood , children be raise and teach these ideal to the point where most of us think it be a natural part of human nature .
the form of marriage may differ from culture to culture , but it be consistent throughout our culture .
that be , except for at least one very unique culture , the mosuo , a chinese minority group who live in the himalayan mountain , close to the border with tibet .
two year ago , i establish a non @-@ profit organization to work with the mosuo , focusing on a variety of aspect ( education , development , etc.), but also on promote awareness of their culture , and to try to preserve it .
in the mosuo culture , there be no marriage .
no marriage ceremony exist .
there be no expectation whatsoever of life @-@ time bond or pairings .
children be raise not only without an expectation of spend their life with that one special person , but they often do n't even know ( or care ) who their biological father be .
in the mosuo culture , men and women can change and choose partner as they please .
monogamy be not consider special or even particularly desirable .
the mosuo live in large extended family , with many generation ( grandparent , parent , children , grandchildren , etc.) all live together in the same house .
men sleep in communal sleep room ( they do n't have private bedroom ) ; only the women have the luxury of a private bedroom .
thus , women tend to the the one in control of relationship .
traditionally , a mosuo woman will invite a man to spend the night with her .
the man will come to her home at night , sneak in through her window ( it be also a part of the mosuo culture that , while everyone know this be happen , it should be do in a manner that be not obvious ) , spend the night , and then leave early the next morning before everyone wake up .
thus the term " walk marriage "...because the men must walk to and from their assign rendevous each night .
the mosuo walk marriage be generally the most interesting -- and misunderstood -- aspect of mosuo culture .
people be always fascinate by it , but misunderstanding and misperceptions abound .
one of the most common misperceptions be that the mosuo be very promiscuous , change partner all the time .
that be patently not true ; in fact , many mosuo pair will last for year , and even decade .
there be no social stigma if someone do change partner often , but it be more common for the mosuo to engage in what have be describe as " serial monogamy "...that be , they do n't stick with one partner for their whole life , but each pair will tend to last for an extended period , and they won't generally have multiple partner while in a relationship .
however , there be fascinate and very unique aspect of these walk marriage .
first , even among couple who be together for months/years/decades , they generally will never actually live together , or share property .
the man will continue to live in his family 's home , and his responsibility be to that family ; while the woman will continue to live her her home , and be responsible to her family .
the man will visit her at night , but the rest of the time they generally live separate life .
and what if they have a baby ? in general , father have little or no responsibility for children produce from such union ;
the baby will be raise in the mother 's home , and be a part of her family , not the father 's .
however , that do not mean that the men have no responsibility...it be just that the focus of that responsibility be shift .
in most culture , a man will be responsible to care for his own children ;
in mosuo culture , a man be responsible to care for the children of his sisters/nieces/aunts/etc . so mosuo men still have full parenting responsibilities...perhaps even moreso , since they may end up share responsibility for the children of many family member .
now , in some case , mosuo men do want to be involve in their own childrens ' upbringing .
if that be the case , after the child be born , the father will go to the mother 's home , and present the family matriarch with gift , ask to be accept as the father .
if the matriarch accept him , he be then an ' honorary member ' of the family , and have the right to visit and @/@ or stay there like any other family member , and to help raise the child .
however , this be not a frequent practice .
although this sound very strange at first , it actually provide remarkable stability for the children .
first , they be not raise by just one parent ; everyone in the family share in parental duty , so the child really end up have multiple father and mother figure .
furthermore , if the mother and father end their relationship , there be virtually no impact or stress for the child .
there 's no fight over split property , because they never share property .
there 's no fight over custody of the child , because the child never belong to the father to begin with .
the mother 's relationship with different men may change , but it have little or no effect on the children .
one more thing i 'd like to point out . while this system actually work very effectively for the mosuo , it work only in a situation where there be a large extend family to provide support .
for those mosuo men and women who leave home to live @/@ work on their own in other city , they almost always choose more traditional marriage .
after all , care for a baby without its father when you have 20 other people in your home to help you be one thing ;
care for a baby without its father when you live by yourself be another matter entirely .
for more information about the mosuo , their culture , and our work with them , you can check out our organization 's website . and i welcome question and comment about this , or other aspect of mosuo culture .
while their way of life hold no particular allure to me ( my job consists of sit , write on paper and think about thing , i be allergic to horse , my great joy be my western traditional family of my wife and 2 daughter ) i applaud your effort to provide as unobtrusive assistance to these people as possible .
diversity of culture and think be a good thing , and i like your organization emphasis on put them in control .
i would suggest that you do n't worry about people who suggest that you try to protect them somehow from the outside world .
if the mosuo do n't want you or your organization 's help , i be sure they be quite capable of tell you to get lose .
when you say " we " be do this , who be " we "?
in particular , have you hook up with the various group like the lsa and the endanger language foundation ?
there 's a lot -- well , by linguistics standard , a lot -- of money float around for do exactly this , and it sound like mosuo be one language that might be saveable if you can bring it to the attention of the appropriate professional .
so depending upon who the linguist you be bring in are , it may be possible @/@ practical to get some real heavyweight to come in for their support....
wolfman , sound like you 're do some amaze work !
the mosuo sound like a fascinate people .
matrilineal system be indeed rather rare .
i think there use to be ( ) some in polynesia .
i do n't know if property be own by female but it be transfer through the female line ( a man 's heir would be his sister 's children ) .
i think some of the native american tribe in the u.s. plain be also matrilineal .
very interesting . what this show , i think , be that while there be no marriage , there be also no illegitimacy -- that be , most children ( a ) know who their father be ( and the father do not deny it , even if they have no role in care for them ) and ( b ) have two male and female adult ( mother and her brother ) take care of them .
also , it 's easy to see why this social arrangement will discourage promiscuity .
in general , most men will be responsible for raise , roughly , the same number of children as they have , even if they do n't raise their own children .
however , if you be a man who have too many partner -- or , more important , too many children -- you be probably see as a freeloader : someone who make society take care of their many children while only care for a few of society 's children in return .
am i correct here ?
you 're the expert , i 'm just make an educated(?) guess .
you have to wonder why this be not big news and her hearing kinda fade out of the spotlight...
could it be that there be this long drawn out leak that be go to end the world in the gulf , that this administration seem hell bent on let continue ? lol
i be sure their genitalia will make a lot of difference when ti come time to make a decision...
i do n't remember much balleyhoo when the second black be elevate to the bench but then......
i 've enable multiple choice for this poll because i 'd like you to select which 3 candidate will finish in the top 3 in new hampshire .
the new hampshire primary be just 5 day away .
in the average of the last 4 poll there it look like this :
romney 40 %
paul 19 %
gingrich 11 %
huntsman 10 %
santorum 4 %
perry 2 %
in two of the more recent poll , between 35 @-@ 40 % of nh voter say they be either " likely to change their mind " or " undecided/uncommitted ".
what be your vote prediction for next tuesday ?
i 'm gonna ramble a bit and then reveal mine .
the consensus appear to be that mitt romney need a big win in nh in order to propel him in sc since his iowa result be almost to the vote the same total as 2008 .
no new support for mitt .
in ' 08 , mitt finish 2 nd to mccain in nh and get 32 % of the vote .
how much of that 40 % right now be hardcore romney support ?
inexplicably , he avoid an onslaught of attack over the last few week as the focus turn on newt , but now one of the big question become about what republican really think about the idea of mitt clean up in nh and quite possibly everywhere else , too .
i think nh be a test of how comfortable or not republican be with mitt as the presumptive front @-@ runner .
i think that like iowa , he 'll hold on to the support in nh he get last time .
so he 'll come down to earth a little bit but won't totally implode there .
everybody need to see the iowa speech .
newt 's be fiery and disgruntle .
he 's so much more interesting when he 's an attack dog and he be position himself now as want to be the fullback to rick santorum ; if he 's go down , he want to take romney with him , and in the meantime that 'll let santorum have a positive week and float above the fray .
rick santorum be leave evangelical country and go into a 60 % catholic state .
between hard right establishment catholics there and that close to 40 % undecided number , santorum should be able to get into double digit .
but how high do he go ?
i think if mitt come down to the low 30 's and it appear that santorum keep come up and can crack 25 % again , it 'll be another soft @-@ boil mitt non @-@ win win .
if newt and santorum now represent the more traditional gop establishment and be fight over that share in nh , ron paul and john huntsman be share the independent vote .
will huntsman be nh 's santorum ?
ron paul appear ready to keep cruise around 20 % and another top 3 finish .
rick perry be totally insignificant and should have quit along with michele bachmann .
romney 's ahead by an average of 21 % .
that 's go to come down to earth , but how much , and how much before it 's perceive that he 's fall and somebody else be rise ?
i think the threshold be that he need to win by 10 % in order to gain any kind of traction as the front @-@ runner .
in iowa , my prediction ( actual result in parenthesis ) be pretty close :
santorum 27 % ( 25 )
romney 26 % ( 25 )
paul 22 % ( 22 )
gingrich 9 % ( 13 )
perry 8 % ( 10 )
bachmann 5 % ( 5 )
that be with a day or so out .
this be more of a crapshoot at this point but here go .
romney 32 %
santorum 25 %
paul 21 %
huntsman 11 %
perry 1 %
i 'm think it 's go to be romney and paul with a considerable lead , and gingrich a distant third .
i would be distinctly and pleasantly surprise if huntsman make the top three and absolutely tickle pink if he win , but i do n't see it happen .
huntsman 's go to have to get some notice at the debate to finish in the top 3 .
if the others be attack themselves like children , than maybe he can come up the middle and seem like the adult in the room and then nh will make a statement by elevate him to the anti @-@ romney surge candidate in that state .
i feel like it 's go to be tough for him to break out .
you be probably right , romney and paul for sure , but once the light shine on santorum , the nh voter be n't go to like what they see .
i still see three vote block , romney , paul and someone else .
huntsman have n't have a turn be someone else yet , and he 's more appeal to nh voter than santorum .
romney by a big number , because he life in nh in a palatial home on lake winnipesaukee , and he 's be work on this primary for 5 year .
paul because he 'll draw a lot of independent voter , and i think gingrich be fade along with perry .
this be all go down to how much the anti @-@ romney vote start to close the divide .
in the suffolk poll for wednesday , it be romney 43 % and santorum 6 % .
today it 's a two @-@ day total now of 41 % to 8 % .
from a 37 point gap to a 33 point gap . now , if it 's 37 point after one day , but the two @-@ day total be 33 , that mean the second @-@ day stand alone would be 39 to 10 , a 29 point gap .
meanwhile , huntsman be down in the two @-@ day total back to single digit .
santorum 's small bump so far have cost newt the most .
watch for him to hit the double digit in the next couple poll .
ron paul be sail with his strong 20 % .
i think the video below from a charlie chaplin movie be one of the best piece that could be superimpose and run as a ron paul ad .
i would love to see something like this run on national television .
it 's a preach to the choir ad .
it have no place on television because it do n't speak to the undecideds .
near the end you could replace the " ron paul " chant with any other candidate and it would have the same effect .
there 's nothing in it that speak of paul 's view or intend policy .
lastly , negative ad be far more effective than positive one .
1940. and still be relevent today .
the ideal chaplin espouse here , will never die , and only get push back , to arise again .
humanity can indeed be thankful for that , that we only go through stage of insanity , and have the chance of overcome that .
this should be an ad for obama .
but he would have to cut his tie to the greedy .
his tie to the one behind the curtain , call the shot .
yet this thread be about paul , so never mind .
i keep hear ton of people run off at the mouth about how dangerous ron paul 's foreign policy be and how they be out of touch with the real world .
the problem be that all the people who would be consider expert , and even israel itself ( in regard to iran ) , agree with paul .
i 've be on two deployment and my job be an arabic linguist of 10 year .
i 'm fairly knowledgeable about how the culture work in that part of the world , as be many of the expert .
our interference do , indeed , cause more problem for us than what we be try to stop .
we support the rebel in egypt and it 's now be take over by radical .
who know where libya be go to end up .
anyways , be all the expert kooky as well ?
i find that the judge be actually one of a few mainstream conservative that have a shred of honesty and actually understand what conservatism be .
if someone have only bomb the reactor in israel and south africa , while the us and other country have prosecute and imprison all the traitor who leak nuclear weapon information and give the necessary technology to them...
the us be largely directly to blame for the proliferation of nuclear weapon through its " atom for peace " program .
but back on topic , if ron paul be " kooky " then so be most other politician in any country on the planet .
and that be certainly true with most of our suppose ally .
911 be blowback from us stick our nose in business that be not our business .
with that say , i still want to kill anyone who be responsible in the plan , or anyone who shield these people .
no one in the right mind would think the attacker just do it for shit and giggle .
they think they have valid reason to attack us . and perhaps they do .
america be not perfect .
they be hope to wind us gravely by attack our financial system . a weak link in our chain .
they should have just save those life , because we allow bank to fuck our system up greater than aq could have ever do .
leave it up to us , to be our worst enemy .
i think that a lot of people automatically assume that anyone who say our foreign policy be why they be angry at us be also justify their response .
it be understandable they be upset , but neither ron paul nor anyone else who be support him be say their response be in any way justify .
indiscriminately targeting women and children be cowardly and people who do that should be capture or kill .
i really be tire of hear that they hate us because we be free or because of our belief .
it would be like you build a shack in my backyard and every now and then one of my dog go miss , then when i get upset that it be there you say i be mad because you have bacon burger fridays in your own house back on your property and i hate bacon ( which be clearly only a hypothetical as i love bacon ) .
why ? because expert do n't agree with him on his kooky policy stand , which be manifold :
*denounces the civil right act because it infringe the free @-@ market right of a monolithic white establishment to immiserate black ;
*dabbles in gold buggery and advocate the elimination of the federal reserve , apparently because the global economy work so well back in the era before central bank ( that 's call sarcasm ) ;
*suggests that the border fence be be build to keep americans from leave the country ;
*claims that social security and medicare be unconstitutional and should be dismantle ;
*mounts repeat warning that hyperinflation be right around the corner ( tsquare , take a bow ) ;
*insists that global warm be a gigantic hoax ( yes , rush limbaugh know more about global climate science than nasa ;
*hinted that maybe the cia help to coordinate the 9 @/@ 11 attack ;
*opposes government @-@ sponsor flu shot ;
*and allege that the un want to confiscate our gun .
( list adapt from th be blog )
and this list do n't even get into all the racism and homophobia of his newsletter , which use his name , be sign by him and which raise thousand of dollar which he be happy to pocket but have be disavow by him now that they be a liability .
note that none of this list mention our relation with iran .
there 's lot of kookiness without have to go there .
are you a communist ?
my friend and i walk into a pizza shop .
it be $ 3 a slice .
they have a special , a 12 @-@ slice for $ 10 .
if we both get two slice each , that would make it 4 slice at a total of $ 12 .
we be assure the slice in the 12 @-@ slice be the same size , so we get that .
we each pitch in $ 5 each ( which can n't even buy you two slice oddly enough ) and get 6 slice each , which we 've just polish off in fairly record time .
we pool our resource and struck the better deal for the both of us , and we actually make a joke about proud and full communist .
now we 're roll a joint from a bag of wee we each pitch in on in order to save money as well .
got our usual amount of wee each , but each pay $ 5 less because one of us do the transaction and buy twice as much as usual for the individual .
if these thing make me a communist , than i 'll drink to that , but i just call it better business sense mostly .
real communism would be they could go get a pizza without pay at all , and the pizza guy could come by their auto @-@ part place to pick up a distributor cap without pay at all .
real communism only exist in israel 's kibbutz though .
the problem you be have jason marcel be that it be impossible for many people , and especially people in america , to conceive of cooperation and sacrifice without force behind it .
they be so lock into their little me @-@ centric universe that they can n't see cooperate with someone else unless someone make them .
seriously , i think the problem here be that a lot of people in the u.s. , conservative especially , when they hear the word " communism " think of the soviet union .
not only be the soviet union not communist , it do n't even pretend to be .
the word refers in marxist theory only to the end stage of social progress , what a socialist state and economy evolve into : a stateless utopia in which everything be share equally .
when communism be reach , socialism be no more , because socialism presume the existence of the state , and under communism there be no state .
the motto under socialism be " from each accord to his ability , to each accord to his work." under communism , it 's the more @-@ familiar , " from each accord to his ability , to each accord to his need ."
the soviet union be socialist .
it never pretend to be communist , even though it be govern by something call the communist party .
communism be what they be in theory evolve towards , but certainly not what they already have .
communism be not a coercive system ; it 's the exact opposite .
neither the private coercion of capitalism , nor the state coercion of socialism be find in a communist society .
if it be possible to have a communist society , it would be a wonderful thing .
edit : i answer " no " to the poll , because although communism be a beautiful dream , i consider it no more than that .
what do you guy think about a ron paul run for president in 2012 .
though he 's kind of old , he be still sharp and incredibly intelligent - and consistent .
his vote record be very consistent and he do n't vote for any legislation that be n't expressly allow by the constitution .
given this , the grassroots support he have in 2008 , and the fact that his message be very closely align with that of the tea party movement , do think he could head either a tea party ( or more likely ) gop ticket .
i really think give paul 's astoundingly consistent message and vote record ( and reputation ) that he could mount a serious challenge to obama . w
hat do you guy think ?
the role of leader of the free world be not well fill by an isolationist .
paul/palin , have a nice ring to it .
once again the republican solution be a geriatric nut , only this time it 's a relgious fanatic instead of senile warmonger .
i wonder , will hillary be too old in 2016?
hillary won't be " too old " in 2016 , but she will still be too hillary .
habemus papademos !
finally after day of intense political infight in athens the new prime minister seem to be the biggest favourite for the job : lucas papademos .
he be an ex @-@ ecb vice president .
but foremost he be not a career politician as his profession be actually an academic one , partly in the us where he also study .
papademos seem to be well respect in the eu but also within greece , as far as a greek prime minister could be respect in a country like greece where be politician has a worse reputation than be a bank robber .
i be positively surprise about this choice .
at least someone take over who have an understand of economics in quite some detail and be not from the old political class .
i do n't think one could have hope for anything better than that .
on another note . there be rumors that mario monti could become the next prime minister of italy .
monti , also dub " super mario ", be a former eu commissioner and will still ring some bell for example in redmond , simply because it be him who do not shy away from take a fight with an extreme heavyweight like microsoft over anti @-@ trust issue .
( same go for company like vw etc ) .
if both news would be true , this would make the dark horizon look a little less dark indeed .
these two men would be the best choice for their respective country in time like these in my humble opinion .
they know economics , have a reputation of be not involve in corruption , dare to do what they believe have to be do and be convince europeans .
the ex head of the ecb take over at the helm of the world 's most financially trouble country and you be " positively " surpised ?
personally i be hope for eva kaili , but obviously for different reason .
he be n't the head of the ecb but one of the vice president , ie in the govern council of the ecb . for all the shortcoming of the euro , i can n't see how the ecb have do a bad job .
he seem to be a really clever guy , understand economics like few prime minister in the world probably , as he teach it in harvard i think .
eva kaili would have be a great choice .
well at least it would have make the newspaper look more interesting...
well , she 's not the most attractive woman in the world but for a politician there be n't many hot out there...
she must get lose in my post , what with the other women and all .
i think i have a thing for blonde women...
anyhow , so see as i can find myself talk positively about a socialist like this , be n't it your turn to talk about palin like this in thread about the tea party ?
btw , i think give her experience in journalism and tv media , she would have do a good job relay the message of what the essential need of bailout measure be , to the greek people .
she also be very respectful in her final day of dissent in the previous coallition , and do n't even call for him to resign .
that i can respect .
it 's a very good idea to have a former ecb man in the job .
we have too many bureaucrat and lawyer and career politician in charge of economic matter .
it be good to see someone with economic experience .
i think i 'm one of those who like watch the superbowl for all the new ad .
ferris bueller be alright and seinfeld be pretty funny , but clint eastwood 's ad for chrysler make them the winner two year in a row after eminem 's wicked ad for them last year .
i believe eastwood be speak from the heart , that 's why i think it 's such an amaze and curious ad since it look and feel so much like the kind of thing the obama campaign would find favorable to them .
clint eastwood be a lifelong moderate conservative .
fiscal conservative , social libertarian .
vote for nixon twice because the man promise to end the war .
his first vote be for eisenhower .
he endorse john mccain last time out .
have n't endorse anyone in that field yet , but say he like ron paul .
he say he would n't call himself a hardcore conservative or an extreme lefty .
from the stuff he be for and against in recent year , it paint a picture of the kind of voter that will decide the election , and i think eastwood taps into that feel of want to make a comeback happen .
there 's something to be gain by this guy 's performance , a man of rugged self @-@ reliance who also take the time to acknowledge in the ad that " we all pull together ", his tip of that of course to the bailouts which he be supportive of .
the candidate who will win the election be the one who can tap into that emotion too .
great ad .
its half time in america and beer cost more because alcohol tax increase , your so hapy to be here at the game instead of your crowd house ( it 's be pack since your brother @-@ inlaw lose his job and home ) , your credit card bill be go to be major after the game , homeland security will be investigate you because of a glitch in the facial i.d . software at the enterance , your job be be outsourced next wek , your team be lose million in endorsement , a major corporation pay million to sell their foreign made ware to you for justt a few second , and your car be be repoed in the lot .
we need voter that be n't sway by gimmicky corporate ad .
i love the ad till i see that it be for chrysler . consider they be own by fiat , " import from detroit " be a good slogan .
still a good ad , no matter who make it .
love the volkswagen one too .
there be high expectation , consider all the price they win with the darth vader one last year , but i think they manage to pull it off .
i do n't even know what a fiat be but after last night 's commercial i 'm buy two .
i have a hankering to send someone flower via teleflora too .
all and all , i think it be a very down year for super bowl commercial and i do n't even notice the chrysler one .
it be a bit too political for my taste but i do n't really care if car company want to spend a fortune on obama ad .
i 'm a happy camper as along as i 'm allow to cast my vote for who i think be the better candidate and make my annual political contribution of $ 0.00 to all campaign .
old clint be inspirational .
at one time the repubs would have think so as well .
but they have become infect , and be really sick .
emotionally and mentally sick than anyone have be in this nation in my lifetime .
they be not team player , they be so individualistic that it have become detrimental to the nation pull together , work together .
they have take individualism to a degree that it go against the evolution of one of the most social animal in the world , the human be .
and " share " be see by them as socialism .
it really be sad , in its most basic sense , because it hinder fix what their " every man be an island " philosophy that be tear apart the fabric of society .
forget guantanimo , forge the gulags , the chogm 2011 open that australia make the queen and various sundry head of state sit through be just plain evil .
i always assume these sort of thing be appal .
if the queen be n't turn up this would n't have much coverage here .
a bunch of foreign look folk all in one place only get coverage if a crime be commit ( they 'll get blame , even if they be the victim ) .
there have be a small amount of coverage of mr rajapaksa 's problem , but since the government be n't go to charge him wiht anything it go under the category of ' green bluster '.
do n't you wish duel be still legal .
it would solve so many problem .
imagine netanyahu challenge ahmadinejad to a duel at the un .
and ahmadinejad will have chavez as his second .
oh , happy thought..
actyooally , if a debt of honor be to be solve , there be no problem with , behind the tank shed at 4 or behind the bike shed after school , fisticuffs gadzooks , or in politico , s circle , in the duty free binge drink bar in the house of common .
i be hope for dueling between member of rival street gang .
i 'll even provide nice hollow point ammo for them to use .
or something like the thunderdome .
two men enter , one man leave .
mary travers , part of the trio of peter , paul and mary die yesterday after battle leukemia for many year .
i grow up listen to their music and get the chance to see them perform when i live in va .
i remember this group , and love some of their song .
it be in the 1960 s .
puff the magic dragon...
i can never hear that song without imagine an ac @-@ 47 or ac @-@ 130 type gunship lazily swing around in a constant circle , with sci @-@ fi lasergun @-@ look tracer pour out like evil glow rain...
no wonder those grade school psychiatrist be baffle .
hey folk @- i just find out that debbie have an apparently small fire at her house this morning .
i just talk to her and she 's home and physically fine and deal with the immediate aftermath so be too busy to talk .
i do n't know when she 'll have or use internet access in the next couple of day , but for those folk wonder who they could wish well this week , you now have a target .
that poor girl have bust her ass fix up her house and install a new heater and wood stove for the last six month and probably longer .
that really suck ! :(
i hope she be ok and the house be still livable in especially since she encounter very cold weather and consider where she life and all .
thank dale for let us know and please do tell her be think about her.:(
personally , i think they should peg it to inflation so that the pension have the same general purchase power over time , but i know that economically it would be a disaster as people be live more and more into their older year , far past when people would traditionally die .
the retirement age have not increase , but the amount of time on retirement have .
eventually , the military will do away with retirement benefit , or at least certain aspect of them .
it be not the british alone .
ask me .
that be life .
they use you and then discard you !
soon one understand that , one shall remain happy .
i be happy !
yet if the govt do away with retirement benefit the world over , there will be peace .
none will serve !
army , you have me worry there for a minute as " they should peg it " mean to die .
service pension be " peg " to inflation but usually cap to 2 %ish per annum , not much more .
servicemen should be recieving..service pension and state pension and if they be lucky a work pension .
time be hard and the forecast for the near future do not look too rosy .
the retirement age in the uk be due to rise in the future , at the moment retirement be 65 and government want to raise it to 70 .
i must say i also have little sympathy in this case .
assume h retire out of choice and be not wound , then it really be your own responsibility to handle your finance in my opinion .
the force be just a job like any other after all .
this very thing be drive home during my first retirement class .
in the usmc you be require to attend the first day of a week long retirement seminar .
the other day be optional .
but your choice not your unit .
around the middle of the day , the leader of the seminar start ask us if we be come back the next day .
about 70 % ( almost all combat arm guy ) say " no , we have thing we need to do at our unit ."
he say you all spent at least 20 yrs do thing for the corps . now take a week for yourself and be inform before you retire .
if any of you think that someone from headquarters marine corps care about you once they kick you out the door talk to a retiree .
no one from hqmc will call you to see how thing be go .
no one will call you a month later to see if you have a job yet or if there be anything they can help you with .
and you know what ?
no one ever do in an official capacity .
the only thing i ever get from them be a " we want you to come back on active duty as a full time reservist ."
you will have to give up your retirement and disability payment .
once we be do with you the retirement check won't start again until your 65 since you will be consider a reservist .
and you will have to start over from square 1 with the va .
the corps need you , do n't let us down ."
i have better thing to do .
i think i let them down .
all aboard be report safe .
aircraft drop in an apparent decompression state with passenger on oxygen from 40k in a controlled dive .
cause of the hole be unknown , aircraft be not old , be deliver in 1991 .
i 'm sure that it must have be alarm for all concern .
the hole be enormous .
i fly out of hong kong last week .
:( that could have very well be me !
despite now perform maintenance overseas , as dustin hoffman say in rainman , the only airline not to have have a crash ( jet aircraft that be )
and i have two client who work for qantas , one a 747 long haul pilot , the other a aircraft engineer .
let me open with a brief reminder ( or history lesson ) of one of the reason i first start watch this show :
now that be funny .
craig killborn be funny...
" the daily show " back then have ' ass @-@ kick ' interviews...
oh , yeah , and " five question " ( a wholy own subsidiary of craig industries...)
now we have a sit vice @-@ president appear on this show...
grant , a new host ( and grant the second clip be n't from the original " daily show ") but this be a news show ?
i 'd put in the biden clip , only ' twasn't to be find on the intar @-@ tubes... how droll...
anyhow , when do the " daily show " become such an institution of news that sit head of state would appear on such a thing ?
i guess it get gravity when lot of young kid start watch .
but you have to realize , obama go on leno , bill clinton and madeline albright have be on the daily show , and every democratic candidate for governor go on the colbert report .
the daily show be fun and very successful .
put pay to the whole o reilly fox crap that no one watch liberal .
jon stewart have a great job...he can give absolute free range to his opinion without any restriction that the regular news show have .
it 's no more a news show than o'riley , beck , olberman etc.
it 's a comedy show that have some commentary , stewart would be the last one to say it 's news .
if anyone be use this a real source of news , they need to get out more .
but still , he make me laugh and most of the time i think he have good point to be consider .
i know this clip be older , but i think he hit the nail on the head regard most of the commentary show .
it 's supposedly news satire , though amusingly it 's almost just as informative if not more than the actual news show run these day .
obviously stewart have some political message of his own thrown in .
similar show appear in other country as people get sick of how every news talk show end up be either a pure propaganda 's machine for one particular side or a bicker debate that do n't make sense to anyone .
taiwan have a version , though it use actor to cast as famous figure ( start mostly with political figure , but eventually end up with pretty much all sort of famous figure ) and they pretend to debate on a serious topic .
thursday there will be a vote on net neutrality...
how do you feel about the fcc get their hand on the internet ?
personally i have enjoy the only place for actual free speech...
do you want your internet censor ?
over my dead body ! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!1
keep government away from the internet .
just read the actual law and the analysis .
this law be n't what it seem to be .
are they ever ?
the first rule of lawmaking be give the bill a name that be exactly the opposite of what it really do .
an emerge issue , how concern be you over drug violence in mexico ?
what potential do you see for drug violence to spill over more into the unite state ?
do you believe it to be enough of a threat that necessitate the us to take more action to do something about it , and if so , what action should that be ? ( e.g . border fence/wall , train for the mexican police/military , monetary aid to the mexican government , etc.)
this poll be intend for americans .
the drug violence in mexico start when the mexican president decide to " get tough " on the drug cartel .
guess what ?
they fight back .
just like the futile war on drug in the us , the drug war in mexico will have no greater success .
fight a war you can n't win be not noble .
it 's stupid .
stop fight the war on drug and the violence will go down .
we need to get the government out of the prohibition game once and for all .
legalize it , regulate it , and control it ( and tax it , too ! ) .
these drug killings be no different than al capone kill people during alcohol prohibition .
once drug deal ( aka beer , wine , and liquor sale ) become legal and regulate , murder in america drop dramatically .
plus we stop lock people up because they want to get drunk .
there 's more about this on my cop in the hood blog .
recently i learn about obama 's service plan , yeah may be late but better than never , and this be bother me .
accord to his website and other source i understand obama 's might mandate 100 hour of service per year when in college in exchange to $ 4000 of tuition credit .
to add this his chief of staff rahm emmanuel have confirm on 10 th nov to draft a plan in this regard .
further the follow be a quote form emmanuel 's book , the plan : big idea for america ,
if they be just to be " ask ", then it sound like a great deal .
though if it be , i see zero reason to limit it to college student age 18 - 25. if it 's require it 's nothing more than a civil service draft , slavery .
might as well be forcing ' em to work the cotton...
either way , good luck get a bunch of drunk @/@ stone college kid to add that workload to their college and job workloads .
as long as their just ask
imo its a fair price to pay .
this come from someone that foot their own college tuition , no mommy and daddy allowences , no grant or anything else .
and it will keep them out of trouble and teach them some thing as well .
imo a good call and for some perhaps a way to look at thing in a much better perspective .
awesome , $ 40/hr , that 's more than what i make .
let ' see... 100 hour of service for $ 4000 credit .
so for a trillion $ bailout , someone owe 25 billion hour ?
thats if they do not mandate... but if mandate... that 's communism... that the first step....
i think it be an excellent idea , people should be make aware of what to do in a crisis .
far to many people around the world today always expect someone to be there when a disaster strike , especially natural disaster .
here in new zealand everyone be teach how to cope and survive for up to at least three day without assistance from outside .
i realize he be not in office yet...
day 1 .
russia to move missile to baltic .
he 's already be test .
i 'm sure the russians want to gauge his reaction .
i cannot help but recall the age old expression that youth and enthusiasim be no match against wisdom and treachery .
obama get some clout as be the president elect of the us but i shudder when he go up against putin .
was there a specific strike that stand out ?
what be saddam do 2001 @-@ 2003?
obama will have to do something over the top like the four previous president before him do .
this savagery seem to be a requirement to prove one have the mettle to be " tough ."
nevermind that really be tough be work out a solution that do n't require bloodshed .
negotiate an end to un sanction with the french , germans and russians .
as far obama be concern , i would rather wait for his cabinet appointees...
to make bold prediction on what obama will do as president or what he will fail to do as president , one must wait to see who be the all the player .
would gwb have invade iraq if it be not for the gang of three ( wolfwitz , rumsfeld and cheney )?..
probably not , and probably george tennent would have still be run the war in afghanistan as least have some influence there .
never mine , but a classic example of how " power corrupt and absolute power corrupt absolutely "
then , you be consistent with your view , and there be merit in that .
perhapes , others from the other side of the aisle be only seek consistency , as well .
i give you an explanation as to why he do what he do ( in part thank to us ) .
as an anti @-@ war person , of course what he do be horrible .
i would put it akin to napalm or cluster bomb .
the innocent be murder in a savage manner .
why do the unite state need 12 aircraft carrier ?
we do n't .
that 's why we only have 11 .
smart @-@ arse .
why do the us have 11 carrier .
because 10 be not enough ?
how else can you muscle in on someone else 's turf ?
park a few carrier off the coast and make sure the despot do n't stray too far from the " american interest " angle .
you forget we also have 12 amphib carrier .
each one be as capable as any other carrier in the world . )
so it be in the paper today that the bush family and the obama family have meet up at the white house for a get together .
how do that go i want to know ?
do george walk around and whisper thing to barack like " see that security guard there ? thats ted .
do not make him mad ! !",
" careful this floor board squeaks...cant sneak in late down this hallway "
or " theres a secret to get this door lock , see you have to push on the door while pull upward ."
do the bushs show them around ?
are they just give a map and let loose ?
can they decorate however they want ?
let say barack want teal shag carpet in the oval office....can he do that ?
could michelle have the hallway paint neon orange if she want ?
do the kid get to pick their own room ?
will they have to share a bathroom ?
will they have to use a computer in the main live area so they be not accessing naughty thing on the internet ?
be the internet there block ?
could the obamas even access porn on the internet if they want ?
can the secret service hear thing from the outside of the door they be guard ?
what if the obamas just have a personality conflict with a maid or something ?
can they just fire them at will and have a new one sent over ?
could they keep a pet giraffe on the ground if they want to ?
if they want to get rid of the bowl alley and put in a discoteque could they do it ?
do they have to put a " do not disturb " sign on their bedroom door , or can they just lock it when they want some undisturbed time ?
and do the secret service knock and wait for an answer or just go charge into the bedrooms/bathrooms .
i wonder if they have ever " walk in " on a president .
there be this really nice site on the white house
very detail info and picture of most of the important room , span several era .
i think this show that pretty much every president can do any design thing they want with both the residence and the office wing
good question .
i too would love to know the answer .
i hope someone can help !
as per anderson 360 , the incoming first family get $ 100,000 to do any change to their live quarter of about 16 room .
also , any change that they can do be after consultation with historian , since ostensibly any change they would do would become a part of the nation 's history
that do not seem much , especially after consider the extensive change some previous president do .
not that i be complain ; thats my tax dollar that 's fund those lavender curtain
look like the national review have already start hedge its bet for a possible defeat .
i be surprise at this .
surely this be not the time to write down your won candidate
also , i do n't agree with the tone of the article that mccain 's principled position be cost his this election .
do you think far right party like the bnp in the uk should be accept as represent a decent part of society or should they be view as hate fill bigot ?
many work class english feel that the uk be no long great britain due to too many immigrant .
be it racist to think this if you live in an area with more ethnics then brits like inner city london ?
what do others think ?
do far right party deserve more respect or will they always be see as bigot .
yes it be .
in order to afford to stay in inner city london , a person , probably along with his family , have to have a monthly income that support this .
in order to do that a ethnic , have to have a stable job and thus already prove himself worthy . / rant over .
generally speak the work @-@ class in a nation have negative view of immigrant because they 're at the economic margin and view immigrant as competition for scarce opportunity .
i do n't see anything wrong with the long @-@ term concern on immigration that many in the uk may hold , but reform can be carry out through the mainstream party in britain without have to resort to a racist @/@ fascist party .
if you 're concern about immigration from the eu , then withdraw from the eu .
it 's a racist @/@ fascist party .
it may have moderate its tune , but that 's what it be at its core .
fail coup have lead to this trial with sir mark thatcher , spanish and south african government 's finger .
go to be lot of fun on this one .
accord to mannn the boss be calil and an ex @-@ british member of the cabinet .
guy this one be go to cause beeeg problem for a few of the fatcats .
not many arm dealer pay for helicopter for the " poor of africa "
be it guilty conscience ?
will we ever find out the whole truth ?
i doubt it very much
i do remember maggie fly out and pull every string she could to get him this . consider du toit get 32 year and mann won't see much less she save his life .
thank god for the french
we have all see the stereotype the frenchman defeat by germans in war ungrateful to the heroic american who have their back in ww2 or the snobby french people whole ignore tourist who speak english
but france be the western contradiction of the easts prejudice view
france maybe a white european ex @-@ colonial western democracy but by no mean be they right behind america or britain
when it come to do of think time and time again france have should the world
not all western nation be the follower of america as its be widely perceive
and i dont think the french will be demand that the chinese govt suppress the demonstration we have hear of in china
after all the chinese people be do what tibetan monk and exile be fight for to do in tibet - freedom to protest
( though i must say the attack on han chinese people have take a bit of credibility from the tibetan monk )
you know there be one job i do n't want this summer and that be the hcic security of the olympics .
rumour be now that western visitor be plan to protest during the olympics and consider the reaction today , we can expect a hell of a lot of kung fu .
that would be extremely distract when you 're on the look out for car bomb and ak @-@ 47s .
did the chinese police state let western media see what be actually happen unlike in tibet ?
when rally happen in communist state they be rarely not state support activity
yay for the french...at least one western democracy oppose communist police state still .
the chinese be mostly only buy unlicensed copyright infringe copy of name brand french goods anyway .
if they stop buy american dvds it would only mean license one .
go on ebay they even sell the knock offs to us .
the uhygurs be mostly moslem and an ethnic minority in western china with no self determination rule by a communist police state .
because some have join extremist group do not de @-@ legitmize the plight of an entire people .
i do n't under stand the problem people have with what be say by jack cafferty .
in the us we have think communist regime be thug and goon since stalin in the 50 s right ?
i think those ok with the chinese police state be really ok with the $ to be make there and they be never concern about freedom only the spread of market capitalism .
the chinese be brilliant in adopt large scale no regulation market capitalism thereby co @-@ opting so many americans who place capitalism and profit motive above a belief in democracy and freedom .
we really need to get out of bed with tyranny if we support freedom in the us
or rather they do n't know how to use it .
the individual tibetan have far more clout than the average han .
the number of poster here tout how good the tibetans have it be testament to that .
the problem be that the majority of tibetans be nowhere near the centre where that clout could benefit them .
they be in their little village .
yes , you may get 1 st seat at beijing university with far lower grades...
but you still have to study and go to beijing 1 st .
if you 're stuck in your village , you 're sol .
the other major problem be that because that very few chinese citizen who be knowledgeable enough to challenge the municipal government be nowhere near the tibetans .
even if the tibetans want to sue , they do n't know how and that open up to corruption and abuse since they know the tibetans won't take them to court over it .
i will be attend a meet with the veteran day parade committee .
we have a parade on or about veteran day in november down atlantic avenue in north long beach .
we have be do this for several year now and have have many vary entrant include mexican prancer horse , re @-@ enactors in various uniform ( include ww i and ww ii german ) , cavalry unit of various country ( the ww ii german cavalry " man " be actually a pretty girl use the helmet to hide her hair ) .
we have a problem last year in that a gay pride group want to be part of our parade but we keep them out with the excuse that they only suddenly show up and do not apply to be a unit .
this year we be be " ask " to include an anti @-@ war unit in the parade make up mostly of people protest the war in iraq .
any idea on this ?
besides the initial mistrust of " not believeing " they will not disrupt the parade , unless they be willing to sign a document state they will honour the one who give the ultimate sacrifice , and give thank to the one who be currently fight to ensure they " can have an opinion " and not in anyway disrupt the parade....then i would say no they cannot join the parade.......
if they will sign say socument then welcome to the parade .
i would guess both group want to politicise the event , which be after all to honour veteran , not make a political statement .
if they want a political rally , they can organise their own ,
if they want to participate as veteran then nobody 's stop them from parade with their unit .
if they be n't vet , it 's not their right to parade .
with the trouble in the world economy , and the pound rapidly lose value against the euro , be it time for the uk to adopt the euro ?
what be the advantage of britain adopt the euro , and what be the disadvantage ?
have the advantage or disadvantage change with the current financial crisis ?
it 'll cost a lot to do it which would not be advisable at the current time with the economic situation not look rosy ,
besides the people here would not stand for such a move .
so even if it make sense it would be political suicide to try and do it .
i just can n't imagine sit in a restraunt and order a human steak !
i 'm not even sure this url thing be gonna work but it 's a story about scientist grow meat in a vat ( stem cell research ) .
from yahoo science news friday 11 @/@ 20 @/@ 09 .
what do you think about this article/ if the url works... let me know .
vat grow meat instead of factory farm chicken/pork/beef ?
no more e.coli , mad cow , anthrax or foot and mouth to worry about .
seem like a good idea to me .
whats not to like ?
friend of mine in peru have a whole cookbook full of recipe for long pig .
hell , i 'd try anything once , but if i change my mind , bet andrew zimmer would be right there with a fork and a knife !
on this the 70 th anniversary of the attack on pearl harbor , we remember all those that be still entomb there and their shipmate !
we be here because they be there !
it seem as each year go by , more and more lesson of history be forget !
our fearless leader 's children 's private school be observe the day by serve japanese food for lunch !
the japanese be observe this day as well by tell everyone that it never happen or we make them attack us because we would n't give them thing .
if you ever get the chance to to watch the documentary about nanking and the other japanese atrocity during wwii you will be shock to find a picture take of a japanese private bayonet a civilian and the interview with that very private say he do n't do it as do many of the japanese soldier who do thing like this .
sorry , no love lose for the japanese .
the carrier jfk cv67 be due to arrive yesterday however she be hold off an additional day due to high wind in the area and will arrive today at the inactive ship reserve at the former pnsy where she will reside for the next two year in mothball .
41 year of service to the usn .
now it be only a matter of time before kitty retire and bring to an end the era of steam power cv 's in the usn .
they need to sell her for scrap and get rid of that float wreck .
why waste money maintain a ship that be in such bad shape , she could n't conduct air op before they decommissioned her ?
curious in part about how so many of the carrier get to be in . " poor material condition "
i 'm just confuse about the posibility of this happen can someone explain it to me ?
secondly wow have scrap and break gotten to be so expensive that its consider better @/@ more cost effective to do a sink @-@ ex wierd .
thats a massive amount of proccessed metal .
as more and more ship be build , the scrappers have more and more ship to scrap .
simply put , the scrappers be fall behind .
shipyard appear as manufacture plant ,
scrappers appear as junk yard .
plus there be glory in build wonderful ship , there be no glory tear the ship apart .
special occasion such as keel lay , ship christen , and commission ceremony deal with shipbuilding , no ceremony for scrap .
when you go to a store to buy a new shiny mop bucket , you feel happy to do so .
you feel lucky when you receive a new shiny roll of penny from the bank , you frown when its the old rusty roll of penny .
when you discard the rusty old mop bucket , you do n't feel sorry to do so . its people orient too .
since carrier cost so much , they be keep in service long .
many be of the age of old monochrome television set , or in the early day of color television set , you know the one without remote control .
you would n't think of buy a television without remote control today .
they be so old , they do n't make them any more .
with the carrier , they receive their mid @-@ life refit upgrade their electronics and electrical motor .
they have also receive their service life extension programs too , upgrade or replace their larger machinery component .
how many of us still have a 1960 s vintage refrigerator , washer and dryer , dishwasher , television , automobile , hot water tank , range and oven , etc.
us offer warship to india for first time
interest in that the usn be plan to prematurely decommission its mhc 51 osprey class mine @-@ hunt ship .
as regard amphibious ship the usn want desperately to decommission its steam @-@ power lha 1 tarawa class ( lha 3 belleau wood will actually be decommissioned this fall ) .
these ship will soon start turn thirty year old with no slep be undertake .
it be also say they have age much quicker than anticipate .
the usn pour a ton of money into the lpd 4 austin class ship to keep them go for 40 year ( in some case it will be 40 plus ) w/o a slep .
they dont want to repeat the experience .
eventually thsi may leave only eight lhd 1 wasp class ship until and if lha( r ) class ship get build .
also the lpd 17 san antonio class will be trucated at eight ship imho( some say seven others nine and nine have already be name ) .
this would also open up the possibility of prematurely decommissioning ship as many as four lsd 41 whidbey island class ship now turn 20 year old .
sell two lha 1 class ( plus grant two others as spare hulk ) and four lsd 41 class ship to india be intrigue imho .
this would give india a ready @-@ make credible amphibious force for very little cost .
with the demise of the battleship almost a certainty and only a handful , if any , of the ddx class ship to be built( plus the truncate lpd program ) the usn be poise to cut its amphibious force by 1 @/@ 3 .
the usn be also attempt to fast @-@ track its seabasing platform which theoretically would make @-@ up for the draw @-@ down in legacy amphibious warfare platform .
more on that sometime in the future .
just my analysis of the situation based on what be available from open source .
it be a good start because it add a whole dimension to the indian arm forces....
can land force through these transport anywhere in the indian ocean...
yeah , but i dont think it make that much of a difference...since we already have plenty of large land ships...which we can manufacture indiginously if necessary .
the land ship be something we can do without .
it be a very old decrepit ship that need a huge major overhaul to bring it up to today 's standard .
in would be better off buy a new ship with that kind of money .
india is buy ship trenton ( lpd @-@ 14 ) .
not because of its war make capability .
but to move humanetarian aid in asian region like in case of tsunami .
indian navy do not have big transport ship like trenton which can land material on sea beach etc.
it only have magars class land ship . so if indian navy get this ship , then i think it be ok .
at least it will get a cheap ship for do mostly humaneterian work .
war make will be secondary work for this ship .
and this is the only reason that americans have suddenly agree to supply india this particular ship .
regard agis radars .
it be a seperate item .
why be you discuss it on this thread .
first let us buy this ship , then we can discuss others .
this be what happen when you take shipboard safety for grant .
tank be always dangerous .
ive be in many and hate every second of it .
i get deride and laugh at alot for the seemingly overcaustiousness i always undertake .
people die if you dont .
i prefer not to die thisway.:
tank be very dangerous place .
we be always teach in first aid @/@ rescue never to enter a tank if there be someone unconsious inside...
cause you would be next .
unnecessary tragedy .
i read a story relate to the clean trychlrothylene use to clean a tank in the rn back inthe 70 s , the guy be around it too long that his mylenin ( the fatty cover around the spine ) be eat away by it and he go bonkers for a few hour and then die .
hell you have to take alot of caution when you be work in closed area with noxious fume , even build model you can get mess up off the paint if you dont have an open window .
yank out , bomber in , 12 bomb , dozen kill , control battle start , sunnis v shites , million of dollar @/@ pound spend , life lose , for what , for sweet fuck all that 's what ,
iraqi force have no chance of control ,
iraq be gonna get worse now than before the west try to make it better
the innocent be gonna suffer just like before .
let get out of ag as well leave the village tribal idiot to it .
if push come to shove , slash n burn , waste no more life n cash on useless campaign 's . imo
do this surprise anyone ? exclude our glorious leader of course
imo , the iraqi 's screw themselves by give into the sadrists and others .
as mention before the us should have punch his ticket and his army of idots before depart iraq .
once again politics interviened and spare their sorry ass .
this be what they get in return for that stupid decision .
the large " gray area " know no boundries . and once you let religion into politics instead of keep them seperate the black and white disappear depending upon who you be and only gray exist .
a very dismal commentary .
there be no doubt that repeat deployment in the combat zone do wear out individual . it do lead to whole lot of man management and domestic problem .
and it do create innumerable problem for the govt which have to maintain its aim and deliver .
a catch 22 situation .
that the troop be still manage speak very highly of their dedication and patriotism and they should be commend .
to overcome this problem , one way could be draft .
but that would be a political suicide .
also , a draft will not guarantee that the soldier would be better .
in fact , many misfit would be in , lead to greater problem as be see in vietnam .
one of the solution be to have a volunteer force of all nationality like the french foreign legion ( be discuss elsewhere in the forum ) .
all say and done , a difficult situation indeed , but the national aim cannot be forsake !
it 's just one person 's point @-@ of @-@ view , but from what i can tell , there 's lot of fight leave in these guy .
i 'm around centcom 's warrior all day every day , and i can tell you that they do n't seem tire and worn out to me .
one stat i keep see thrown around be the approval @/@ disapproval rate of how the war be be conduct .
but if only one third of the troop like the way we 're go about the business of win in iraq , that do not necessarily mean they 've lose faith in the mission .
hell , as for myself , i 'm not crazy about how we 're proceed , either .
but that do n't mean i do n't believe in the mission .
far from it - i want to go at the job hard . i want to win .
i want the surge to be big , soon , and to last as long as it take to win .
so , although it 's only my perspective here and back by absolutely no number , stats or fact other than what i know from personal observation , i simply do not see the impending crash come .
what i can tell you that i do see be a frustrate will to victory , and a sense that our leader and people be not as commit as we be .
bluesman , this repeat turnover and its effect i understand to some degree since we ( indian army infantry unit ) be always back in the ci grid after every two year .
if we be send without this break , i be sure we would have get really feed up .
as it be , we have start have problem inspite of this two year layover in peace station , since the standard of live have go up and our troop be get urbanised and soft .
we also have the advantage that we be from the same unit for life in most case and so the cohesiveness be more and we know each other well .
i believe in the us army , soldier can be post to any unit .
what be the time gap between turn over for iraq ?
you 'd have to work around them to truly understand what i mean .
otherwise , i just do n't think you 'd really be able to see it the way i do .
in my job , i work with all the inter @-@ agency player , and i never experience the kind of inertia and drag with anybody else .
this be absolutely the truth : the state department wonks down here do not want to be associate with the word ' kill ', as in my branch 's mission of ' capture or kill enemy high @-@ value individual '.
that 's what we attempt to do ; that 's what they want no part of .
and you 'd have to be here to know what it be to be frustrate and impede by people that vehemently object to your very existence .
i wish i could express it in a way that you would know what i mean .
( you probably think i 'm just impatient with bureaucracy , which i be , or that it 's a squabble about method , and there 's certainly those , too .
but it 's more than that.)
then , i think , you would not think it too strident to say they have an antipathy toward an american victory .
bluesman , i have n't work inter @-@ agency , so i trust you know best .
however , in their defense , i would like to mention that
1. the pinstripers have n't be exactly beloved or respect by the bush administration .
some of this be fair ( state be all but ignore in 2003 ) , some of this be not ( bureaucratic irritation at the initiative kick them out of comfortable perch and into wot hotspots ) .
2. cia have get plenty of ex @-@ military , and there 's enormous pressure to get more .
i trust that i break no state secret by tell you that if you head over to langley , you will see a lot of twenty @-@ somethings and lot of fifty @-@ year old senior staff , and not much in between . the lack of a middle be really make ' em push for ex @-@ military to fill that .
i can assure you that patriotism be high up on their value , more so than ever .
i 'll try to explain my perspective on all this .
it might ramble at time .
i be for the war , still be if it could be fight properly , but it can n't be .
bush 's goal be a secure iraq , with a function gov't that can police the country and be an american ally in the war on terror .
this will not happen .
my knowledge be all second hand , but that 's all i have to go on .
i 'm see a picture of a nation of subhuman savage .
did anyone ever bother to ask why saddam do the thing he be hang for ?
we 're see the answer to that question .
these people need a dictator who 's willing to use mass murder when they step out of line .
unfortunately we be n't prepare to use similar tactic , so this war be unwinnable .
if it be up to me , everytime an ied go off we 'd get our people out , draw a circle on a map with at least a 500m radius around the point of the blast , and turn that area into a smoke crater .
and i do n't care if there 's a school full of kid there with class in session .
do that a few time and these " people " might start to behave better .
we can surge troop all we want , but if the level of cruelty do n't increase it will all be pointless .
that 's the only thing they understand .
i can n't believe i be stupid enough to buy all the tripe about what iraq could become if we just remove the dictator .
i also have some problem with bush that i do n't have when i vote for him , based on his piss poor performance .
he 's recently change policy to go after the iranian agent that be supply the militia .
we 've see story that the cia have be track these iranians for over two year .
why change now ?
why do n't we whack them as soon as they were identify ? ??
how many americans be dead or maim because bush be play some diplomatic footsy game with iran ?
there be two of our border agent in prison for do their job , and twelve marine sit in jail in san diego for hit the wrong house after they be attack in haditha .
bush have n't lift a finger to help either of those group of men , and that 's why imo bush have show himself to be nothing but an honorless pig .
can someone talk me out of this ?
because it 's look pretty damn bleak to me .
ieds : the lazy man 's insurgency
it 's time to take another look at iraq , because there 's be a big change in insurgent tactic in 2005. that 's inevitable . war make people on both side think faster . peacetime army never learn anything ; wartime army learn new trick faster than a hungry raccoon .
the big change be that the insurgent have decide to rely on ieds rather than ambush with shoulder @-@ fire weapon to kill the two or three gis per day they figure they need to wear down the us public 's will to stay in the fight . and it 's work , way too well .
the stats be clear : ied victim make up a bigger chunk of our casualty every month . over the last six month , ieds have cause 63 % of us combat death . last month ( october 2005 ) be typical : out of 96 us troop kill , ieds be responsible for 57 .
compare that with april 2004 , a terrible month when we lose 140 troop . back then the insurgent relied on rpgs and small arm . only 19 of our 140 kia that month @-@ barely more than a tenth @-@ be kill by ieds .
the insurgent have decide to do it the easy way . as long as they can use ieds , their low @-@ tech standoff weapon , why should they risk close combat ?
the real question be why they can get away with it . and here @-@ well , i hate to keep say this , but somebody need to . the reason they can do it be because we still have no intel on them . it 's the biggest failure of the war , and nobody talk about it . ci warfare be about people , not hardware . we 're all hardware and no intelligence , like a tim allen show . make me sick .
that make the decision to go with ieds a no @-@ brainer for the insurgent . in the standard ambush , the kind we be face a year ago , the insurgent detonate an ied under a convoy , then open up on the stall survivor with rpg and small arm fire . it probably make them feel good , sort of their version of shock and awe , but the rifle fire be ineffective and by concentrate their force , the insurgent make themselves vulnerable to our air power .
the problem in any guerrilla battle be the getaway . anybody can pull a trigger ; the trick be get your men home safe , while enemy chopper zoom through the sky and every street be full of troop and armor look for men of military age . that 's the tough part .
an ied ambush have none of those risk . only one man need to be on the spot @-@ the triggerman . he detonate the ied from a car park down a side street and drive away before the occupier can even start their search . no risk . no casualty . very demoralize for the occupier , especially since they know damn well that everybody in the neighborhood be in on the attack but they can n't level the local ' shack like they 're die to .
what make this wave of ieds worse be that the device be get more effective . frankly i 've be shock at how good the iraqis be with these thing right from the start . i mean , after that shameful performance in gw i , do you expect these bastard to be so sneaky , patient , and smart ? i know this war be a bad idea , but even i never realize what we 'd be up against .
the scariest tech development of all be that the insurgent have learn how to make shape @-@ charge ieds . to understand why shape charge be such a powerful weapon , we have to go into the incredibly cool world of explosive physic . i love this stuff . i mean , what red @-@ blood american boy do n't experiment with explosive ? the only reason i ever open my chem book be to see if it mention tnt or dynamite in the index . ( it do n't @-@ goddamn hippie teachers.) and naturally i use the local wildlife , like toad and bee , in my experiment with the kill power of firecracker .
what i learn be the most important point about the subject : blast alone do n't do a good job of kill the target . a bee would wobble off unhurt after one of my 4 th of july daisycutters go off right next to it .
now before you hothead whose hobby be make pipe bomb in the garage write me angry letter ( or send me long round package with no return address ) , i know a blast can kill , if it 's a big enough blast . we have a really nasty example of that in august this year , when a huge ied kill 14 marine near haditha . from what i 've read , investigation show there be nothing special about the ied . it be just three anti @-@ tank mine stack in a pile @-@ the ihop of ieds , i guess you could call it .
that ambush show real clearly how important intelligence be in guerrilla warfare . the same unit that suffer the ied attack have just have six of its sniper kill in a small @-@ arm ambush . now you tell me how anybody can ambush six sniper unless they 've completely penetrate the unit . the insurgent know where the unit 's sniper would assemble , and they know where the vehicle would be pass . we do n't know a thing about the enemy , but it 's clear that he know way too much about us .
the other problem be that the 14 marine be ride in one of those ridiculous land craft the corps use as apcs @-@ in haditha , hundred of click from the sea ! it 's call the aav @-@ 7a1 , and it look like a giant armored dinghy . since it be design to ferry troop ashore , it sacrifice armor and speed and damn near everything else to an amphibious capability that have no use anymore . but that 's the corps for you . real brave , but not always real smart .
maybe if those guy have be in a real apc some would have survive . i can n't say . if the blast be big enough , it can kill even an mbt . the pal take out two israeli merkavas , the best @-@ armored tank in the world , with simple blast ieds .
but most of the time , guerrilla do n't have the delivery system to depend on blast power . if they 're try to kill soft target @-@ i.e . people @-@ they pack the bomb with homemade shrapnel : roof nail , ball bearing , anything that 'll shred flesh . a suicide vest tip with nail be basically a 360 @-@ degree 12 gauge .
to kill gis that way , you need to catch them off @-@ guard , somewhere they feel safe . that 's what happen when a jihadi kill more than a dozen of our guy in a mess hall in mosul while they be have lunch -- minus their body armor .
in the field , us troop be a hard kill , especially because they move in armored convoy protect by chopper . and that 's the real beauty of ied attack for a guerrilla : they absolutely nullify us air power . there be literally no target for the attack chopper . the pilot know damn well that one of those iraqi car drive away from the scene be carry the guy who set off the ied , but there 's no way to tell which one .
in a strange way , we 're look at a 3d war . we control the air , but the iraqis literally control the underground , thank to these buried ieds . we fly , they dig .
the insurgent ' first ieds be simple . not that there 's anything wrong with simple . the weapon that have be hurt us be all simple , like the rpg . simplicity be the guerrilla 's friend .
those early ieds were usually just shell bury by the road , wire up to a detonator . lot of amateur be tinker in their garage , or whatever iraqis have instead of garage , play with stuff that go boom . and naturally lot of those guy go boom themselves .
like i say , war teach people fast , but some of the lesson have to be learn by the next of kin , not the handyman whose bright idea for a new type of bomb turn him into an abstract paint all over his wall .
sometimes an insurgency have to learn its lesson several time . take the case of pressure @-@ trigger ieds . these be basically standard anti @-@ vehicle mine , with something like a bathroom scale as trigger . people and car can pass over them unharmed , but if a really heavy ( mean armored ) vehicle roll over that scale , the bomb go off . ( truck be a problem . some truck weigh as much as an apc.) the best part be that you do n't even need a triggerman to set it off . you can all be off at the hookah parlor polish up your alibi when it go off .
the insurgent in baqouba use pressure bomb in 2003 , but they usually fail to go off . their bombmakers do n't have the technique yet .
thank to info @-@ share , the internet give an insurgency , they 're back at it , with better wire diagram . a week ago ( oct . 24 ' 05 ) , a pressure bomb shred a humvee in baqouba , tear four gis leg to piece .
the first ieds be mostly mortar round that fail against our armor . so the insurgent go to big 155 mm round . that 's a big , big shell and when you trigger it at the right moment , it 's go to kill almost anything but an m1 .
the m1 be a great tank , so it 's kind of scary to read the stats on how many of them the insurgent have manage to knock out . as usual , the invasion be the easy part and the occupation be when thing get lethal . we only lose 18 m1s in the conventional fight , but the guerrilla have since manage to disable 80. now most of those be track damage , but that 's enough to put a tank out of action .
the good news be that the m1 have live up to its rep for crew protection . the army 's armor center say only five crew have die in ied attack on m1s . ( ten other m1 crow have be kill , mostly by sniper fire , ride in open hatches.)
so if you 're an insurgent bomb @-@ maker , your goal be to find a way to kill m1s . not just knock a tread off , but destroy it and kill the crew . and that 's where the shape @-@ charge ied come in . shape charge be develop for tank kill , use in mbt anti @-@ armor round and antitank weapon . their warhead be basically thick cup of soft metal . metal with low melt point , usually copper . the bomb @-@ maker 's job be to make sure as much of the force of the blast be channeled to the copper cone as possible . so sometimes he 'll put several 155 mm shell beneath the copper , or pack a whole lot of tnt under it .
when the ied detonate , this copper cup turn into a shaft of superheated metal that can zip right through any armor , even an m1 's . that 's what they tell me , and i have to believe it .
it 's the kind of weird science that use to frustrate me in physic , the sort of info you just have to take on faith . i can n't help wonder if they 're kid us civvies about it all . i do n't get why a soft metal like copper can penetrate chobham armor , which can defeat almost any warhead around .
apparently the copper be n't even actually melt . it eject as a solid ; it just " behave like molten metal." i 'm sure the insurgent home improvement tinkerers do n't understand the science involve any more than i do . they just hear that it work and try it out .
the us countermeasure have be pretty lame so far . convoy travel with jammers that make it harder to detonate the ied by cell phone or garage door opener @-@ nokia and genie sale be go to drop in the sunni triangle . but like i say , low @-@ tech be the guerrilla 's friend . these day they 've go back to wire , and i hear some be even use string . you can n't jam a string .
beyond that , bush policy be to blame iran , or syria , or satan or whoever .
iran ? maybe . syria ? no way . syria 's scared to death , ready to do anything to make uncle sam happy . and if it be iran , what can we do about it ? there be still a few neocons so totally out of their little gourd they want us to invade iran . i have to wonder if they 're agent of dr evil , programme to destroy america . because invade iran would do it , it 'd end us once and for all .
this blame stuff be a sign of frustration . nobody know how to stop ieds , even with all the popular mechanic geeks send in their garage @-@ tech brainstorm . that 's because @-@ damn , how many time do i have to repeat it ? -guerrilla war have no technical solution . or even military solution . the only effective ci technique be torture , reprisal and , ultimately , genocide .
my guess be that genocide will come back one day . that be how the ancient dealt with rebellious town : wipe ' em out . one of these day some first @-@ world country be go to get impatient and a problem child like the sunni triangle will be a big , radioactive ghost town .
if we do n't do it , the kurds may end up do it the old @-@ fashion way they learn from the turks : one bullet , one village at a time . it 's be do before -- seen any armenians up there lately ? probably not , but most of " kurdistan " use to be " armenia." a few of the armenians make it to fresno , but the rest be bury up there .
we 're talk about mesopotamia here , the place where war be invent . hundred of people have be wipe out forever in those part . all these holocaust lobbyist get furious if anybody say jews be n't the only tribe to get genocided , but that 's just politics-" our genocide be better than your genocide ! "
the fact be , genocide be , historically , the most common result when one tribe run into another . and something tell me the next big wipeout will happen right there in central iraq .
it have a large sky be fall slat but decent read on the ieds...
it be true that the ieds be effective .
it be not a " lazy man 's insurgency " but a " cunning and diabolical man 's insurgency "
raj ,
sorry , as i state , i do n't have much time , but the wife now have the newborn .
a few superficial criticism :
1. it 's not ci ( counter @-@ intelligence ) . ci be when you thwart your enemy 's intel operation . thus , gain intel on when @/@ where the insurgent be plant ieds be intel , not counter @-@ intel .
2. iraqis do n't have garage at their house . thus , i would conclude that this guy have never step foot in iraq .
some meaty criticism :
1. the marine 's aav be as armored as the standard army apc - the m113. it sound as if this pundit be probably a former army guy . based on the damage to the single aav that be involve , unless it be a m @-@ 1 , more armor would n't have help . that 's how big the ieds be get .
2. a single 155 mm round do n't do any significant damage to us armored vehicle ( the up @-@ armored hmmwv be n't a true armored vehicle in the sense that it be design from the ground up with armor in mind - it be modify from a cargo vehicle ) . for example , on the stryker , a 155 mm round will scratch some paint off and flatten tire .
3. war be like a sport . it be interactive and tactic , technique , and procedure evolve continuously in reaction to your opponent . back to the sport analogy , if you 're get kill in a zone defense , you switch to man @-@ to @-@ man , etc. he seem to apply a template that the enemy of the us should be dumb and not react . underestimate your enemy be a bad and dumb thing to do .
4. he fail to mention the intel that we get that allow us to defuse the majority of ieds before they be detonate .
5. he fail to mention how switch back to wire device make it easier to catch the trigger man .
6. he fail to mention how use larger device mean that you need to spend more time prepare the site , which mean a greater chance of compromise .
7. he complain about intel , but then advocate harsh technique that run contrary to the value of the us and do n't weigh the impact that these technique would have on gain intel from the population and @/@ or bring the population off the fence and to our side . his recommendation would result be less intelligence - gain some information from a pay triggerman may result in a few short @-@ term success within a particular cell , but it will alienate the population and result be less intel over the long @-@ run from the population and future cell that would be create down the road due the increase perception of occupation through the harsh technique he advocate . as an example , abu ghraib , which be the direct result of a half @-@ dozen irresponsible individual that be able to conduct their abuse due to the lack leadership of their supervisor , have a huge negative impact on our relation with local iraqis . the trust we have build with many be erode and our ability to gain trust with others be much more challenge .
bottomline , he do n't truly analyze the situation from all aspect and use some faulty assumption and some fact that be flat out wrong . in the end , you have the action @-@ reaction @-@ counteraction cycle that be produce bigger ieds that be easier to catch , but more deadly if you do n't catch it . i 'm not state that it 's not a problem , but this analysis do n't offer much value .
i hope this help . as far approach to coin , i 'm sure that ray , lemontree , dave angel , and some of the others on this board whose militaries have be do coin for much longer than the us ( which , btw have do coin quite frequently , but then shun it as a freak occurance and do n't internalize the lesson learn in favor on focusing on the " big threat ") can comment at length on why this article espouse the wrong approach to the problem .
i 'm just wonder what indian poster think your government 's reaction would be if australia ask for finish nuclear weapon and missile , plus nuclear know how , with you for under the table shipment of yellowcake for your nuclear weapon program ?
you see , i 'm hope that one day befor it be too late that australia will wake up to the fact that we can n't rely on the us to be willing to lose a city over us by hold true on the ' nuclear umbrella ', if ever we have a conflict with china .
by ship you yellowcake from say a secret source on defence land acqured for ' train ', we could keep it outside the npt inspection treaty process so you can build bomb with it .
we ould even fly in vet indian miner ( with train ) to avoid the secret get out here . it would benefit us by allow payment to be make outside our budget approprations process , which be transparent .
once we have our missile we can announce that we be join you in the non @-@ align movement , transport weapon grade uranium between us openly and generally ignore all the complaint it would generate and other people war , just like you do now .
do this work for you ?
it would n't be that hard for australia to build nukes by yourselves .
involve outsider usually increase the amount of headache you have to deal with .
imo , every " first world " - technologically modern nation could probably do it today - some have choose not to ( like japan and germany ) perhaps because of history ?
i think australia probably could do it if they want too , and the rest of the world would n't object as much as they would if one of the historically agressive non @-@ nuclear nation do it .
a lot of the nuclear weapon tech that be unattainabe 20 @-@ 30 year ago be attaintable now . it would be very expensive , and there would be consequence .
why should we sell ?
the only reason we would be if we really need the money or if the yellowcake be not available elsewhere or if you be the only one who have something we really need from an existential perspective as barter .
it could and would probably work if india be to place their own nukes under indian control onto australian soil .
for your defense and our own .
expand deterrent .
but then you have that option already with the us , so the fact that you ask this question probably point to a drift in confidence or the fact that you feel you would be able to better control an indian nuke umbrella to your prime advantage versus a us one .
tired of the ever @-@ hulking , always @-@ advance glacier of dvd and bd case in my live room , i 've procure a media server and a boxee box to run it .
my plan be to migrate all of my media ( probably about 700 dvds and bds , count all the tv show i have ) onto the server over the next year or so , and banish the hardcopy to a closet for backup .
media server with 6tb storage run freenas life in the basement , boxee box hook into av stack ( plasma , bd player , cd player , cable box , receiver ) life upstairs , cat @-@ 5 network .
so far i 'm get great quality playback from some item , but real movie that i 've rip be not great .
i 've play with a few different programs , but i like dvdfab the most so far .
do anyone know if it 's really a " bit - to - bit clone ", or be i get some default compression even if i 've set that to 0 % ? -@ dale
if there 's a visible difference between the dvd and the copy then it 's be compress .
sometimes the format you decide to convert it to have issue .
i seldom do it so i 'm not really au fait with what be good but the software i use be handbrake and convert it to either.mov file or uncompressed mpeg4
nifty thread .
i be think of implement a rather lower cost option .
manually rip all dvds to mkvs , make a little htpc with a low cost amd llano cpu and a wireless card and hook it up to my tv .
for any gamers out there.. the rumor thread for " call of duty 6 "..
what the game would be like ?
so far its a split between semi @-@ scifi( halo ) or literally modernwarfare2( cod4 ) with new map and missions..
cod 5 be a disappointment when they decide to go back to the same old world war 2 theme..
i 'd personally prefer them add new map and mission to cod4...
cod4 to me be the best real @-@ war based fps...
maybe more ' politically bold mission ' like chechnya , kashmir , afghanistan , nwfp/waziristan..maybe even cuba/n.korea..
just hope they dont overdo the middle @-@ eastern theme which they pull off so well in cod4
if it be " semi @-@ scifi "( they 're rumored to be look for a sci @-@ fi title ) ..
i 'm stumped..
how 'd they possibly pull @-@ off semi scifi without look like a bad copy of halo..
they should do some type of geurilla warfare game set in a wartorn african or south american country .
that could be interesting , like a fps contra .
i hope they make the plot as interesting as the last one .
somilian pirate @/@ mexican drug cartel would bear the hell out of me .
ps : cod 5 be pretty good .
i do n't know why people hate it so much .
cod 6 - one word - awesome ! !!...
the trailer look great .
plus i get what i want - an extension of modern warfare 1 instead of yet another world war 2 scenario .
look like they pack a lot more mission into cod 6 compare to cod 4 .
i be so look forward to october !
this be so much better than last year when i see the cod 5 trailer ( flamethrower and all ) and all i could think of be - " oh dear..."
since many of our troop be stuck in iraq , it be likely that we may not have the resource to be able to send troop to iran .
so there be great likelihood that israel may act alone .
although israel have greater air and ground superiority then iran , iran have larger number of troop and have long range missles that can reach israel .
israel in the past have sucessfully fight off nation with larger number of troop before a prime example be the six day war .
so would israel be able to act alone or would us military intervention still be require to attack iran ?
israel would find it hard enough to conduct air raid on iran , let alone fight a large scale war .
the distance be simply too great for israel to be able to project much power against iran .
i do n't think israel could act alone .
if they attack iran unilaterally , it would probably be a large mission aim at take out iran 's nuclear infrastructure .
they would have a hard go of it .
iran in retaliation would launch its long range missile at israel , as well as encourage hezbollah to harass israel .
i think any israeli action against iran would involve bring the us into the war , i think its the only way israel can really do enough damage to make the whole effort worthwhile .
i have be search for sometime now , and i can n't seem to find a dropshipper that sale merchandise low enough so i could profit from it .
would someone please help me ?
hi , nobody be go to give you their source .
you be go to have to find them on your own .
there be plenty out there but most of them be more trouble than they be worth .
there be also a very few that be good supplier but you have to realize , when dropshipping , the profit margin be very thin and you have to be on top of them all the time , monitor their inventory .
people find a dropshipper , sign up and then list , list , and list !
they list soooo much but then when it come to monitor the inventory they do not check back into the site to see if the inventory be still available .
you can have a successful business with dropshippers but it be w*o*r*k .
it be not e*a*s*y .
i find all my source by surf the net on my cellphone during commercial , while wait in line , any spare moment .
search several different way , most do not even have the word " dropship " on their site .
good luck .
and beware of " membership club " such as doba and the like .
they be not your solution .
real distributor do not charge you for take your money .
still , make any drop ship work in the dsr @-@ feedback @-@ orient quick ship ebay world will be a challenge .
please do a quick search and you will find ton of info on drop shipping...here be a thread from the recent past http : //forums.ebay.com/db1/topic/building @-@ an @-@ ebay @/@ use @-@ a @-@ drop/5200052702?#msg5200760329
which be only of about 25+ since the begin of the year .
i be sorry but until ebay pin the drop ship topic all you can do be search older post .
i cannot give you the formula for success , but i can give you the formula for failure -- which be : try to please everybody . herbert bayard swope
my partner and i refuse to use dropshipping .
if a dropshipper have 100 item for example and we sell 107 to 107 different people then we have 7 potential unhappy customer with the potential for 7 negative feedbacks .
a dropshipper be only concern with sell their 100 item as fast as they can .
i be concern with sell the 100 item that be in our inventory as best and correctly as possible .
this be just my opinion.....
ok...i know the answer to that but it still really bother me .
this be what be wait for me when i log into facebook this afternoon
no ! ebay should issue a coupon for buyer to use on our listings and get 15 % off....
we would still get our full $$ and ebay can give the seller the difference that the buyer save !
just really bug me
because that be additional revenue outside of seller .
seller be captive revenue that will be about the same no matter what they do ,
until someone else come along and challenge ebay they will keep on do the same thing , but soon or later that will happen , , , .........i hope soon
, ...,most people do n't realize that the best answer be the one that they do n't want to hear . chan
yup..i know the answer but still hate it !
sorry , long story .
first off a little info..
marshall amplification have be one of the lead guitar amplifier company for 50 year .
many of the older amp be be restore and also there be countless company offer clone and cloned replacement part for diy'ers .
since i like wood work i think some folk would enjoy an amplifier shell that they could finish themselves and either use it to restore an old marshall amplifier or to collect aftermarket part from countless other vendor and end up with a vintage marshall clone .
so , i have have pretty good luck sell these wooden amp head shell in the past and think i would reintroduce my product .
well , ebay pull my list for have the word " marshall " in the title .
my actual list read " marshall style plexi @/@ jcm800 headshell for project ."
notice the word " style ".
i do a quick ebay search use " marshall style " and come up with 100 's of listings that use that term for after market part and kit .
the listings i click on be not actaul marshall product .
i also search another famous amplifier company and type in " fender style ".
again 100 's of listings for aftermarket part and kit .
why be i singled out when there be 1,000 's and 1,000 's of people list this way ?
and its clear that i do not claim it be an actual " marshall " product which be why i put the word " style " in the list .
do not seem right .
people who be look for these item won't find them without know that it be for a marshall or marshall style amp .
i love the smell of package tape in the morning .
can n't use the manufacturer 's name in the title unless the item be list be actually make by the manufacturer .
ebay rule - not mine .
michael 's right - someone somewhere decide to report you , and you end up get a wrist @-@ slap .
you -@ could @- start report all the " style " listings you find and ( hopefully ) watch them go away .
sometimes it only take one report... sometimes you gotta stay on top of it for a while .
there be special rule for what you want to do , offer non @-@ brand replacement component ( in your case , the wood case ) .
unfortunately , i just do n't recall what they all are...
there 's a way to word the description that work and do n't get you slap for " keyword spamming " ( which be what put marshall in the descriptive text will earn you ) .
fun stuff , eh ?
that sound right...
as long as it do n't fall into the not allow category by meet this criteria :
use " compatible with , " " fit , " or " for " before a brand name in the title of your list to describe item that be universally compatible or that be compatible with an entire product class
just know if it be someone that be " after you " ( which sometimes happen ) - there be always some violation that you be break or you be near the questionable portion of break some policy .
because ebay will usually " pull first ask late " when a list be report , your listings will only become better and you may just sell more because of what you learn on how to become a better seller as you refine your listings .
if you keep a good sense of humor and communicate with ebay... ebay will start " ask first pull late ".
hello ,
i wonder if someone can clear something up for me ?
i have a 63,950 svr mortgage with halifax with 19 1 @/@ 2 year leave . ( it 's currently 64,570 due to some stupidity a few yrs ago ) .
now , this be originally take out as interest only but when i 've phone a couple of year ago to increase the payment they have change it to " part interest , part repayment ". not too fuss about this as i 've work out the number and the correct amount be come off the capital every month .
i 'm go to contact halifax for detail on how to make overpayments as i 've increase my direct debit again but would like to be able to make ad @-@ hoc overpayments when i 'm able to .
thing i 'm curious about be the 10 % overpayment thing - i know my mortgage agreement be subject to this however what do it really mean ? should i only be pay 10 % more than my interest only payment or be it 10 % extra off the capital ? my new direct debit ( as of end dec 12 would take me over the 10 % of io payment ) .
i 'm guess they will give me a rough idea of how much i can overpay in s based on my current direct debit but would be interested to know beforehand just for my knowledge .
currently halifax have on their record that " pension " will be pay the capital off at the end of the term - these be currently non existent so try to get myself at least on track for repayment at the end of term .
thank very much !
its 10 % of the mortgage balance for the year , so if your mortgage balance in 100,000 that year you can overpay by 10,000 during the course of the year without penalty .
however , if you be on the svr you dont have the 10 % limit , just overpay as much as you can comfortably afford
quote :
are you sure you 're on svr ? or just a rate that be soon to end ?
have work for halifax it be indeed correct that once you 've reach the svr then no overpayment limit be enforce you be simply free to overpay as much as you wish to .
this be correct . your kfi @/@ mortgage offer may say something along the line of ' in any one year you may repay up to 10 % of the amount outstanding on your special rate product '. it 's a roll 12 month , so the year start when you make your 1 st overpayment . so , you could n't pay 10k in december and another 10k in january for instance , you 'd need to wait 12 month .
then , once your ' special rate product ' end , you go onto svr , with no overpayment restriction .
hi , i 'm in the middle of a divorce and am try to take on the mortgage on the family home .
i 'm only try to borrow about 16 % of my home 's current market value , which be about twice my annual income .
have approach several big lender and try go through a financial adviser , but noone will lend because my income be make up of : 4 very part @-@ time job ( 2 employ , 2 self @-@ employ ) , maintenance ( not yet court order ) and tax credit .
their argument be that once my daughter leave school some of these income source will cease , but by then i would hope to be back at work full time ( she 's only 7!).
the mortgage rate i 've be quote be less than i 'm pay at the moment anyway !
it 's be suggest to me that i try and take out a personal loan instead ?
anyone get any suggestion ?
you would think that have 4 part time job that at least you will have 2 at any one time and that be more secure than have 1 full time job and possibly be give notice to leave .
it sound like you be self employ and will need the assistance of an accountant to create some book that show some decent profit combine all the source of income stream as one source of income .
they may be do an affordability calculation instead of a income multiple and do n't think you can afford to pay for day to day live expense and a mortgage .
i would get another financial advisor who can help you .
someone should be able to lend you the money .
hi all , i currently have a mortgage which what use to be northern rock .
i take the mortgage out in 2007 , fix rate for 5 year .
this be due to finish in june .
i do n't know what to do !
i take the mortgage out with my then husband , we split two year ago .
he do all the money side of thing so have no idea where to go .
i have a funny feel that since house price have drop , i be likely to be in negative equity .
we borrow more than 100 % , retrospectively a stupid thing to do .
i have take the mortgage on on my own .
any advice would be gratefully receive , thank you .
in rate term , there 's nothing you can do .
if you be in negative equity as you seem to think , there be no prospect of another lender take you on , so a remortgage be n't go to be possible .
nram @/@ ukar which be the body manage your mortgage do not offer replacement or customer retention product , so your mortgage will revert to the follow @-@ on rate set out in your original key fact illustration ( kfi ) or mortgage offer .
this be likely to be the standard variable rate , currently 4.79 % .
given theat the current lend and borrow siatuion , it be more difficult for people to get a mortgage .
i understand that martgage broker be to be able to see from a lot of provider .
but for people be dififcult to get mortgage today , be their advise be worthy...
say for instance they say it be better you ask for this provider but in fact , when you afollow their suggestion , you get reject ?
be not that it be better to sticj to your bak who know wel your financial stability and ability ??
i undesratnd that some mortgage adviser be free of charge .
i be ask here because once you get reject it will seriously danage your credibility to get another lender ?
opinion and expereince from people in ths forum be really appreciated....
first of all i disagree that its hard to get a mortgage...compared to the day of 100 %+ mortgage yes but for the right applicant there be plenty of lend available .
obviously i be biased as i be an independant mortgage adviser but my view be it be good that we can source the whole market find the best deal and know the specific lend criteria of each lender .
i use to work for a bank and i would never offer my service to my friend and family as i do n't know whether there be better service elsewhere .
now i be comfortable do thing for my friend and family .
bank will want you to think that you have a better chance of get a mortgage with them as you have your finance with them but this be simply not true .
if you get reject you need to look into the reason why...affordability..credit score etc
hi my husband and i be look to buy the hosue we currently live in , but we do not have a deposit .
are there any 100 % mortgage out there and which one be the best to look at -
i be totally useless when it come to thing like this and hubby be no better ! !!
i currently earn about 21k a year and hubby earn just under 15k a year .
what be the likelyhood of us get a mortgage to start off with and be go to be more difficult to find 100 % one ?
any advice would be appreciate . thank
whats the value of your house ? ,
hows both your credit rate ?
this seem to be the 2 most important factor when consider a mortgage other than your joint income .
the chance of get a 100 % be probably impossible to be honest...
a share ownership property be one where you do not buy the property outright , but only a percentage share of the property . for example only 25 % .
however on the remain 75 % which be still own by the house association , you will pay a monthly rent .
so if you be not look at this type of property , you will not get a 100 % mortgage .
hello all - just join and after some advice .
i 've see the post on the forum relate to the nationwide consent to let and subsequent hike in interest rate by 1.5 % ( this be go back a year or two ) .
at the time my wife and i be rent out our property and have sign up to a 5 year fix rate mortgage .
we initially live in the property but subsequently let it out have receive permission to do so from nationwide .
given we be in a fix rate mortgage and have pay for the extra security i be pretty shock and appal that they be force this increase on us .
in any case my wife go to nationwide to discuss our option with the mortgage adviser .
the long and short of it be that the mortgage adviser give the advice that give base rate be 0.5 % and we could move to another lender on a formal btl mortgage for a far lower rate ( give with the 1.5 % increase our nationwide rate would be over 7 %) and therefore over a the mortgage term more than cover the early repayment fee .
this advice make perfect sense so we pay to come out of our fix rate with nationwide and move to another lender - the early repayment fee be circa 3k .
subsequently we receive the letter from nationwide ( as i be sure many do ) say that those on fix rate mortgage that would have to pay early redemption fee would not have the 1.5 % increase impose until the end of the term of the fix rate .
given the advice we receive and subsequent redemption fee we pay ( prior to nationwide change their mind ) i wonder whether anyone think we have any recourse against nationwide .
be very interested in any thought .
many thank
it definitely sound interesting .
i would certainly go to the branch , speak to someone in management and present this letter along with any documentary evidence that you may have have from your previous meet .
also get them to produce the note of your previous meet with the mortgage adviser .
we come within a gnat whisker of pay a 7k early redemption fee to avoid the 1.5 % hike .
thankfully the letter arrive a day before our completion date on our new mortgage so we be able to get out of it .
only 15 month until we can leave nationwide and move over to a proper btl mortgage .
are there any bridge company who 'll do a loan for an uninhabitable property ( it 's derelict )?
we need to borrow 55 % of the hammer price until we can get plan permission for restoration which will allow us to get a mortgage
( verbal approval of our plan have be give by the local plan officer and the build society in question ) .
( excuse me while i do a little - this be a build we nearly buy through normal channel 5 year ago , get gazump on and never think we 'd ever get another crack at it ! )
it do n't seem likely and would be horrendously expensive .
look at it from the lender 's point of view :
this be high risk - if you do n't get plan approval the site could actually be worth a negative amount ( due to demolition cost ) .
verbal approval be essentially worth nothing .
on the flip side there be little return for the lender as you do n't want the loan for long so not much time to charge interest .
really you would be better off : get a mortgage not a bridge loan ( also difficult ) . get an unsecured loan to buy it initially .
be aware that almost no bank or build society will give a mortgage on a property after it have be buy , if it be buy less than 6 month ago .
i do n't know the answer to your question , but it sound very risky to me .
you will be take on a costly short @-@ term loan based only on verbal promise which may not eventually come good .
what happen if the b soc do n't eventually make an offer , or it 's at a much lesser amount than you hope for ?
do it know that the house be uninhabitable - usually that make a property unmortgeable .
or if the pp take much long to be consider because there be objection / it 's refuse and you have to appeal etc ?
last time we get a thread like this , i suggest tiuta and the op do some research and find the cost be prohibitive .
i echo the other comment about how you deal with be unable to remortgage if something go wrong and would ask you to note you 'll have to stick with the bridge finance for around eight month as you won't be able to apply for the remortgage until you 've own the property for six .
caution need .
bridge be only possible where the lender believe you will live elsewhere .
they cannot lend on a property you will be live in as this then fall into fsa regulation , which bridge be exclude from .
an alternate to bridge be a non status mortgage , but the lender will still need to survey the property and carry out the nusual due dilligence to include full legal conveyancing and check .
the reason most aution deal be cash be that lend be never guarantee and can fall through at the mast moment , mean the applicant loose the property and thier 10 % deposit .
you 'll need a good deal of luck to get this through use lend .
also bridgers usualy want a clearly define exit route , and it wont be sufficient to say a remortgage should be possible subject to all manner of property repair ( what if you fall ill / go mad / get depress part way into the renovation for example ) .
hi all , current mortgage fix deal end in march and this will be the first time remortgaging .
purchase the property march 2009 .
the property be value at 102000 when we purchase it and we now owe 77000 .
i be interested in learn more about how valuation work when remortgaging .
do they come round ?
are there any way i can improve the potential result ?
what happen ?
nothing much have change since last valuation in or out the property .
to be honest i would be happy with 102000 valuation but guess we will find out .
any information anyone can provide about this process would be great .
are you remortgaging to a new lender , or do a product transfer with the current one ?
if it 's the latter , chance be your current lender will use a desktop system call hometrack .
if you be move your mortgage to a new lender , it will normally ask a surveyor to visit the property to establish its value .
as you be right on the 75 % borderline for the better product , i would imagine an inspection would be better for you .
talk to your current lender before you start shop around .
it 's be solve now .
thank for everyone
why on earth would you allow somebody else to sort out payslips and p60 for you ?
if you have proof of income why not provide it ?
you have be complicit in any fraudulent application by allow it to happen with full knowledge .
struggle to see how you could compain to the lender and cab when you apply fraudulently .
i suspect you be now register as a fraudulent applicant and will struggle to gain finance anywhere .
hi , i 've a dilema !
look to remortgage , and have find suitable product from yorkshire build society . 195 non @-@ refundable application fee , conveyancing and valuation free .
it be a 75 % ltv .
my house be worth very close to the 75 % mark .
if i apply , and the valuation come out lower , i 'd have to pick the next best product , which be actually santander .
santander value for free at 180000 , which be the amount we estimate it to be .
mortgage balance be 134000 , so as you can see , very close to the 75 % .
i could just go with santander ,
no fee , but would cost me additional 1700 over the 3 year fix term .
do i risk lose the 195?
i suppose only i can answer that , but any thought or tip ?
you appear to have do the maths and identify the pitfall .
if there 's no way of avoid that fee , you appear to have to risk it .
be n't there a product with no fee you could choose upto 75 % so you 'd lose nothing if the property be downvalued ?
lender i have speak to say that while their valuation fee be ' free ', you still have to pay for it but it be refund if you go ahead .
i guess it 's not always the case ( only speak to 2 lender , and perhaps i only discuss it with one of them ) .
it 's one of the reason why i 'm not remortgaging at the moment - found a great 80 % rate but could go the wrong way of the house be value lower than expect .
just to also say , ybs be quite strict on affordability too not just ltv ,
their online affordability calculator be quite close .
santander be not as strict .
good even people ,
was look for a little advise in regard to the possible mis @-@ sell by a mortgage broker of a 100 % intrest only mortgage .
my partner sign up for a 100 % intrest only mortgage with the nothern rock mortgage but to realise it be a intrest only mortgage some 5 year down the line .
the reason i feel that may have a case to be answer be that surely mortgage company must take some precaution when sell an intrest only mortgage
i.e the customer must take out some sort of endowment to ensure that when the mortgage intrest be finally pay off then the customer would be in a financial position to pay of the actual amount the mortgage be agree for ? ??
the mortgage broker who advise obviously have a case to answer but be nothern rock in the wrong aswell ?
any information that can be offer would be greatly appreciate .
no , there be not .
read the paperwork she get when she take out the mortgage - it will explain that you need to set up a repayment vehicle for the capital amount .
i would also be amaze if the broker do not also advise her of this .
unfortunately this be quite a common problem , particularly with young first time buyer who have no real clue about mortgage .
this be a problem during the boom year in that bank be not check if customer have a repayment vehicle in place , hence they be throw these interest only mortgage at people because that 's all they could afford because house price be so high .
there be people on here who will deny this ever take place .
many people put a lot of faith in some of these broker in the belief that they be act in their best interest .
unfortunately there be probably little come back because ultimately your partner should have read closely what she be get into before she sign .
i know that might sound callous but there be the say that cover this which be ' buyer beware '.
where do we go from here ?
some stock have have a great run since early march
be it time to cash in and wait for the next drop or have we bottomed and its a steady rise from here ?
i would like to here from anyone who see the last recession , late eighty , pan out and how the sector react .
i view chart from then ,
it show volatility till ' 92 before a general steady rise although different sector behave differently
any thought appreciate
quote : agree with purchy .
i think we 'll be rangebound for quite a few year .
except there be a good chance that commodity and commodity stock will spike violently upwards for a while in a year or so ( higher than they be in 2008 ) , thank to supply destruction which may well have a coil spring effect .
also inflation and a fall dollar should help them go up as well..
there be also good reason to believe that commodity will rise over the long terma s well .
hi , 1 st time post so please bear with me !
i be due to receive approx 20k from sale of decease parental home and need to find somewhere to put it .
have use up my isa allowance ( so have hubby ) may need to access all our fund within the next 12 month as we will either be move home or do self build if nothing suitable come on market .
therefore need to be able to access fund without too much penalty/notice .
have 2 kid and wonder if i could put money in children account for better tax free interest or do you have any suggestion please ?
thank in advance for any help
based on what you have say , you should not invest but stick to savings .
check out the usual table on this site for interest rate .
if you put money into the name of your child it become his beneficially .
in any case see http : //www.hmrc.gov.uk/tdsi/children.htm for tax treatment of interest on money give to children by parent .
you could always hold the cash in an on @-@ line account ( aa pay 3.2 % gross ) until april
then each of you can put 5640 into a cash isa ?
hi an elderly relative ( late 80 s life in annex adjoin the house ) have bank with lloyds all her life - and she ask me for some general advice .
i wasnt at all familiar with her financial situation and she have in the past been advise by lloyds .
what appear to be the case be that she have : 150k+ in an oeic @/@ share isa with scottish widow 30k in easy access savings account pay 2 % with lloyds 15k in current account with lloyds 5k in cash isa with lloyds
what struck me be that she have all her savings in lloyds @/@ scottish widow so well over the 85k protection limit .
also that she have be advise to put so much in oeic @/@ corporate bonds/shares isas as it appear her capital have be fluctuate ( generally down ) .
she invest this whilst in her 80 s so am struggle to see how it would be good advice to ask her to put so much in a scheme where capital be not protect .
anyhow we have book an appointment next week to go through this with me in support .
do others think this advice be strange ?
and what would others advise .
my instinct be to get her into good savings account where capital be not at risk and to split it across 3 different institution ( it seem you can can get 3 %+ if you keep an eye on the rate be offer ) , plus make sure she use all the isa allowance each year
any thought @/@ comment would be appreciate ? david
i 'd be reluctant to start mess with an elderly relative 's finance .
others in the family might accuse you of all sort when she die .
that say : 1 ) if she 's of sound mind you need to understand if she 's prepare to move from ltsb or not .
another bank may confuse her significantly .
2 ) if she want to stay with ltsb , support her in find the best home for her money from their range , but also help her to keep it in a good pay account , as most of their account have 12 month bonus .
3 ) make sure you do n't do anything with cash isa that could impact her stock and share isa .
4 ) get her agreement to shift money from the current account to a better savings account ( even if it 's only the 2 % one ) .
just because somebody 's old do n't mean that capital should be protect .
my big concern for her would be if she own a property .
there 's a high chance of an iht bill on the horizon .
i 'd be talk to an ifa about the best way to mitigate this .
as dunstonh suggest , the share will effectively be in her name and be n't relevant to the protection scheme .
this be a very tough one .
bank generally will do what 's best for them which be invariably bad for the customer .
there be a lot of evidence these be some of the worst route to market due to them often have the highest cost .
as mention though , change be never fun , especially when it could be confuse and misunderstood .
i would personally say she should find an ifa and pay upfront for advice ( ie no commission ) so she get what be most suitable for her .
given her age it 's standard practice to have less money in equity and more in guarantee income than she currently appear to have due to short term fluctuation .
i 'm probably go to get criticize for what i 'm about to write , but as a long time lurker on these forum i know that i can also expect some sensible and honest opinion .
i have be have a relationship with a married man for some time now and i 'm start to get feed up with the situation and wonder if this be all it 's ever go to be .
how likely be it that a married man would leave his wife for the ' other woman ', how do i know if he 's serious about me or just toying with me ?
i know he do love me , but that 's not always enough be it ?
i be really tear at the moment whether to let thing carry on , or to walk away .
likelihood of him leave his wife for you , slim to none .
even if he do could you live your life happily ?
if he can do it to his wife , would he have qualm about do it to his girlfriend ?
1. the person you be have the affair with be cheat on his wife .
if he do it once , he could do it again - remember the old say " when a man marry his mistress , it leave a vacancy - for the next mistress ".
2. quite simply , he be cheat , you be cheat .
there be all the excuse in the world " he will leave when the children be older @/@ when his wife be better @/@ when they 've sort out finance - just wait for the right time to tell her " blah , blah blah , blah !
if you have any integrety , you would walk away now .
are you in a relationship with anybody ? or be you single
he 's have his cake and eat it at the moment ?
why would he want to give that up ?
i 'm struggle for idea as to what to do for my birthday this week .
dh will be at work , ds at school and dd at nursery till 12 pm unless i choose to take her out for the day so i can go somwhere till 3.15pm .
in some way i envy my dh who have a july birthday that generally fall within school holiday and we be all around him with good weather .
on mine its generally dull , rain or cold and everyone be work .
this year i 've thougth and think about what i can do either on my own or maybe with my almost 4 year old .
my mum suggest i go over with her to visit my dad who 's on a house sit and have a sandwich with them at lunchtime and open my pressie .
this seem to be my best option but its not what i would choose to do or really want to do .
my parent have choose to do this house sit , i really dont mind but i 'm not sure i want to go over , walk the dog and sit in a stranger house for a couple of hour to pass the time .
any thought please on what you grow up do for january birthday when the weather be rubbish and your friend be work .
i dont expect to be entertain and happy to potter around or go to a national trust/swimming , but my local pool doens't have an open swim on thurs suitable for my availability and i do n't have a car free to drive .
hmmmm....... its quandry !
chalk it up to one those thing that happen when you have kid and do something at the weekend instead .
mine be on the 13 th .
( eta : have i have the money , i would have go off for a couple of hour and a coffee at the nicest garden centre near to where i live so i could get there by bus )
go for a meal with your dh in the even after his work , and get your parent to babysit ?
day time wise - how much money do you want to spend ?
get your nail @/@ hair etc done ?
depends what youre in to .
i dont normally do anything in the day time for my bday ,
id do something at the nearest weekend or that night .
i 'm try to muster some sympathy for you but i 'm sorry i really can n't .
my birthday be in january too , and most year i have to work . for the whole day ! !!!
this year , i work all day , could n't celebrate with my dd because she be work in the even , so i go out for a bite to eat with a couple of friend and then on to see a film .
i 'll celebrate my birthday with my dd when we both have some time together... in february .
your parent want to see you and spend some time with you , give you a present so be gracious ( and a bit mature ) and go !
hi , i be get marry on february 18 th 2012 and i be plan on buy a gift for my wife to be .
she love tiffany and i buy her the chunky link bracelet with heart in the first few month that we be together so now i be think to get her the necklace .
be the official tiffany uk website the only place to buy official and not fake item or be there other place that sell tiffany ?
plus anyone else have any other similar idea ? ?
look at link of london and pandora but i 'm not sure....
sound lovely .
the only place to buy genuine tiffany be the website or tiffany shop .
the only place to get tiffany cheaper be the airport shop abroad , if the exchange rate/ duty free combination work in your favour .
have the match necklace be a lovely idea .
if she like charm you could get the link sweetie bracelet - then you have the next few present sort out for the charm .
oh come home from work on monday even by taxi and find 3 men try to break into the house .
they set upon him , knock him to the floor and kick him several time in head and stomach , stole his mobile phone and bag and run off .
the police come out very quickly , do a drive around with oh and the cabby but do n't see them that night .
they take dh 's bag ( which they find dump a few street away ) and say they would forensically test it , and there be a cctv camera which cover the area and the cabby say he could definitely identify the men as he get a clear view .
dh have not be ask to give a statement , and we assume nor have the cabby .
he get a letter in the post this morning , date tuesday , say the police be close their investigation .
the detective in charge have n't answer phone call and his bag have n't be return to him , which contain business paper and clothe .
dh do need treatment at a and e after the attack
it seem pretty clear that the police do not bother with forensic test and may not even have check the cctv footage .
be there anything which can be do to challenge their decision not even to do a preliminary investigation into an attempt burglary and common assault , where there be witness to the attack ?
if it be relevant at all , dh have no previous conviction , arrest or anything similar with the police , and be a middle aged businessman set upon by 20 year old male of a different racial background to us .
no , something be wrong here .
they can n't just ' close an investigation ' the day afterwards , not have even take statement .
i 'd say get some legal advice , or write to the police , state what you 've put in your post above and ask for an explanation .
you could try post this on the moneysaving in marriage and relationship board ?
you might get more answer there .
i would get down to the police station soon than just write a letter .
if cctv need to be examine and have not yet be look at , you want it seize asap , before it be record over .
it be of course possible that the cctv be n't work on the day in question but i be still surprise no other forensic examination have take place .
if a full note of your oh 's / the cabby 's evidence be take in a police notebook then the need for an immediate witness statement be reduce .
if this be really true , start here : http : //www.ipcc.gov.uk/en/pages/default.aspx
but ! be prepare to be stop for motor offence by disgruntle copper for the next 10 or so years........
make a formal complaint .
the police be try to fiddle the figure .
was it even record as a crime ?
ask for the crime number and see .
i 'm actually v excite as it all seem like fun , but all ex leader be v cynical ?
i think as with everything from read this thread there 's always the politics and the ooo could you just do a bit more for us aspect , we 'll have to keep our mouth firmly zip .
i 'm look to try to start volunteer sometime in the near future and be a rainbow/brownie/guide when younger and think i might enjoy help out but have no idea how to make the first step to get involve
hi all i be look for advice please .
dd1 be in futher education -
because the course she want to do be n't available near us she be in residential college and we pay her accommodation and food cost ,
it leave thing very tight , but as we feel this be a great opportunity for her we be prepare to do it .
she also have the use of a car as its easier ( and a lot cheap ) than us drive her back and forth most week .
dd2 be due to leave school next summer and be hope to start a hairdressing apprenticeship .
she start to talk about drive lesson ( a bit premature i know ) and us buy a car and pay for petrol and insurance .
i mention to her that as she will be earn an income it will be time for her to start pay us towards her keep , etc.
she think that will be very unfair as we be still pay for her older sister .
any suggestion please - we be prepare to take the money and put it away for her future ( although i would n't admit that to her as she would want it sooner rather than later ) .
i do see her point , but be not prepare to let her get away with not pay anything .
thank for read .
do her sister earn any money ?
if she do n't , then you could speak to them both about the contribution you expect from them when they both start earn .
as for the car - did you pay for dd1s lesson ?
it seem unfair to not pay for dd2s if you do , and then to allow access to the car .
i do n't see why she would expect her own car if her sister share yours , although you will have to think about priority for who need the car and what you will do if both want the car !
let her get away without pay anything won't teach her anything for the future , but equally if she does't get the same treatment as her sister she 'll probably feel quite upset .
my grandaughter be in the final year of 3 of a hairdressing course ,
she have to work part @-@ time in a salon but do n't earn very much and the stuff she have have to buy @/@ keep replacing for the course have be very expensive.. so my daughter have have to help her by not actually take any keep money as long as she be on the course..
its meant my grandaughter have manage to pay for all her own clothe , fare , lunch , and go out money over the course..
my daughter be happy that she 'd find something she want to do and be able to near enough support herself through it..
as i say at the begin as an apprentice she will be earn peanuts..
i agree with what be be say tw .
to support dd1 to the tune that you be and then to expect dd2 to pay into the household on what i 'm sure will be a much less than minimum wage apprenticeship seem like a double blow to dd2 to me ! and i can appreciate her frustration .
i do think that whilst dd2 be do her apprenticeship she should be allow to retain her wage .
you should explain to her that this be your way of ensure that they be both treat equally in what be very different circumstance .
however i would also make clear that once either of them begin to earn a full time wage outside of college or apprenticeship that they will be expect to contribute to the house if they continue to live there !
i wish you well .
i 'm sorry but i can see your dd2 's point -
you say you would support her if she go to college but even though you agree that the apprenticeship would be a better career choice you 're prepare to penalise her for it .
if she be leave school to get a normal job i would agree she should contribute but this be basically her still study , just go about it in a slightly less conventional way .
have she arrange to apply for this herself ?
that to me show a lot of intitative and motivation for someone her age ,
rather then take the more mainstream option of college she have look into her option and gone for what will be best for her future career .
apprentice wage be extremely low so while she be on those could you maybe look at a compromise -
eg you will still provide her room and board ( the same as you be do for her sister ) but she have to pay all her expense out of her wage , ie her travel to work , lunch there if she need them , phone if she have it , any expense she need for work .
hmmmmmm hard one here !
normally i would say yes , take a nominal amount from your dd2 as she be now " work ", but as you be support dd1 , i can see why she might be cheesed off .
i guess it depends on how much she be earn during her first year as an apprentice......
let say , for talk sake , it 's 100 a week ,
that 's still a lot of money for a school leaver who have no household expense or food to pay .
personally i would take a small amount , say 20 a week from her and , as you say , put it in a savings account for if she do decide to go travel in the future .
explain to here that it may not seem fair , but she be now earn , and the cost of this compare to live away from home , be minimal . or show her a breakdown of what a 1 @/@ 3 of all household cost would be .
in regard to the car , do your dd1 really need one ?
of course it be easier for her to get home at weekend , but can she not get the train / bus ?
when i be at uni , i think i could count the number of student who live away from home and have a car on one hand - the rest mnade do with a young person railcard .
and will your dd2 need a car ?
if the answer if no , neither of them really need it then i would suggest that they share the car ( 1 month on / off , for example ) .
a car for a teenager / student , be an expensive luxury and with the rise cost of insurance and fuel , most parent cannot this for one child , let alone 2 .
if that be the case , after the child be born , the father will go to the mother 's home , and present the family matriarch with gift , ask to be accept as the father .
it 's extremely troublesome to get there via land .
this dynamic metropolis never cease its movement .
first , what be the biggest puzzle between china and the us ?
the boy want the girl to believe him .
the boy have a desire to be believe by the girl .
the girl adjust the machine .
the kill take place yesterday .
the boy must not go .
there be no possibility that the boy will go .
the girl be sad .
the sadness of the girl
the boy see the girl who want him .
the boy be likely to go .
the boy do n't think the yankees will win .
the comment be inappropriate
what do the girl find ?
the boy 's destruction of the room
british investor
chip maker
the soldier be aware of the battle .
the boy take a bath .
the nation default after the war .
the man die between the house and the river .
he be a participant in the scheme .
accord to government source , the kill happen yesterday .
the boy come and leave .
the boy be a hard worker .
the earlier plan
the girl be taller than the boy
naval official
mollie brown
40,000 boy
a billion and half atom
several hundred boy
between four and five thousand boy
ten mile
about 10 mile
february 29 , 2012
april
summer 2011
25 %
the plane crash occur 50 mile east of moscow .
the woman buy two gallon of milk .
a large number of people gather .
the number of people increase .
20 canadian dollar
7.9 on the richter scale
wednesday , february 29 , 2012 , at 4 @:@ 30 pm pst
in the early 1950 s
sept. 1 , 1939 - may 8 , 1945
america be discover several hundred year ago .
president@whitehouse.gov
www.whitehouse.gov
1 @-@ 800 @-@ 555 @-@ 1212
winter 2011 @-@ 2012
the girl do n't believe that the boy work hard .
26 of the 44 country in europe be member of nato .
10 % of smoker die of lung cancer .
thomas be one of the few boy in kentucky who speak latin .
he be afraid of retaliation .
the boy want to eat an apple .
steven spielberg life in los angeles .
the girl want to eat a banana .
my cousin be a lawyer .
did he die ?
i see a cloud of dust .
a team of researcher make a discovery .
she drink a lot of tea .
the brightest boy
a worse plan
a plan that be too extreme
she heat the oven to 250 degree celsius .
she be the tallest girl on the team .
the boy sang very beautifully .
the old man die of lung cancer .
the roof of the house
whose car be this ?
darrell phillips , vice president of human resource for hollingworth & vose
he go to the store to buy wood for a new fence .
he work for two hour .
a brief exposure to radiation
there be no information about the case .
the mayor arrive with a police escort .
i eat pasta with tomato sauce .
i eat pasta with a fork .
he drive west , from houston to austin .
the boy met a girl from spain .
my friend record a song for me .
the uss iowa pass under the golden gate bridge .
a brief be file on behalf of the government .
animal such as giraffe
by law , the council include at least 5 member .
he be unaware of the problem .
3,794,100 square mile
in the 1974 soccer world cup final , germany beat the netherlands 2 @-@ 1 .
the boy can go .
the boy be able to go .
the boy must go .
the boy have to go .
the boy may go .
the boy be permit to go .
the boy should go .
it may rain .
the dollar trade at 0.8012 euros , up from 0.7943 euros on monday .
his behavior be predictable .
his income be taxable .
these be comparable book .
a special gubernatorial election will take place next tuesday .
microbial virus
which attacker die ?
which team win ?
this wednesday afternoon
my hand
a ring of gold
ceo of ibm
the game will be canceled if it rain .
in the case of rain , the game will be canceled .
the game will be canceled unless the rain stop .
the game continue although it rain .
the game continue despite of the rain .
the game will continue even if it rain .
high tech company like ibm and google
blame future be like blame the messenger .
go home !
let 's go home .
the symptom show up decade later .
he be likely to serve on the court for several decade .
he retire year ago .
he retire more than five year ago .
the performance will take between 45 minute and an hour .
hundred of boy
more than $ 10
the boy run away .
he carry a sack of rice .
he drink a lot of beer .
they fear him even when he be behind bar .
supply will rise further even as demand taper off .
i like classical music , but john like jazz .
there be virtually no traffic .
xinhua news agency , shanghai , february 10 , by wire ( reporter jinhu xie and chijian zhang )
( end )
the road go on forever .
she sometimes miss class .
i come . i see . i conquer .
yes
yes , i know .
no .
no , i do n't know .
( a ) background
group a : ( 1 ) germany ( 2 ) brazil ( 3 ) italy ( 4 ) argentina
i have never smoke .
i never .
never do that again .
i drive to the store .
i drive from the store .
i drive to indianapolis on i @-@ 65 .
i run around the track .
i drive through the tunnel .
i go to the store and back .
i pass the resort on my way to work .
the plane flew above us .
the train pass underneath us .
i go into the theater .
i go out of the theater .
i walk up to the window .
i back away from the window .
my friend run next to me .
the highway run alongside the river .
i throw the stone across the river .
i throw the stone towards the tree .
i throw the stone at the tree .
i swim across the river .
i go to pisa via paris .
he say he would support them as long as they do n't break any rule .
he have to wait as long as ten year .
you may stay for as long as you like .
as long as several decade
only 10 minute
the mayor propose to lower crime by hire more police officer .
we drive 5 mile towards the coast .
they sail away from the sunset .
the aircraft 's velocity reach three time the speed of sound .
the size of antarctica be as large as the unite state and mexico together .
the diameter of jupiter be about 1 @/@ 10 the sun 's diameter .
1600 pennsylvania ave , washington , dc 20006
to be or not to be : that be the question .
they be sleep .
there be a big explosion .
the knife be in the drawer .
our next meet will be on friday at 11 am .
my grandmother be 85 .
i think , therefore i be .
there be a knife in the drawer .
i know what you think .
are you hungry ?
i do n't know which country he be from .
how old be your father ?
new york mayor michael bloomberg life in manhattan .
michael bloomberg arrive .
new york
michael bloomberg laugh .
caesar be murder in 44 bc .
three roman legion be annihilate in the battle of the teutoburg forest in 9 ad .
the 9.3 tohoku earthquake occured in the year heisei 23 .
academic year 2011 @-@ 2012
unite state government fiscal year 2012
muharram 1434 ah
adar ii 5771
the bolshevik revolution start on october 25 , 1917 .
the bolshevik revolution start on novmber 7 , 1917 .
an earthquake of intensity xii on the modify mercalli scale
a quake of magnitude 6.9 on the moment scale
eight o'clock in the morning local time
10 be california time
10 @:@ 00 utc
augustus live from 63 bce to 14 ce .
it start to rain , but the game continue anyway .
it start to rain ; however , the game continue .
it start to rain ; nevertheless , the game continue .
nevertheless , the game continue .
the mayor announce his resignation on twitter .
the new book have be heavily advertise on the web .
patrick makau finish the marathon in 2 hour , 3 minute and 38 second .
chapter 1
a $ 3 meal
the book cost $ 20 .
france
how beautiful you be .
what a great book !
may he rest in peace .
wow !
yippee !
dad , i need more money .
he be kind of sad .
the car be much too expensive .
carthage be utterly destroy .
most student do n't like math .
the most expensive dress
" we be rose , " say the rose .
the boy lose his toy .
the boy say , " i be hungry ."
when he open his eye , john see himself in the mirror .
when he open his eye , john try not to look at himself .
the poet william shakespeare be born in stratford @-@ upon @-@ avon .
roosevelt announce his decision to run for reelection .
the poet william shakespeare be born in stratford @-@ upon @-@ avon on april 23 , 1564 .
the boy want to eat chocolate .
john say that his mother and his biology teacher support his decision to quit smoke .
john be a lawyer . the lawyer be famous . a famous lawyer . john be a famous lawyer .
the boy must leave . a boy who must leave .
the boy might come . a boy who might come .
i insist .
john be n't here , he must be sick .
in germany , earthquake be rare .
approximately 25 to 30 percent
roughly $ 10,000
nearly 300 book
a pro @-@ beijing newspaper
anti @-@ american propaganda
an anti @-@ submarine aircraft
the police arrest several anti @-@ assad protester .
weapon of mass destruction
nuclear weapon
the big fish want to eat the little fish .
he reply to her with a flame ( a hostile and insult email ) .
i uh do n't remember .
goodbye !
the project will cost approximately 51 billion rupee .
unite nation secretary general ban ki @-@ moon traveled to egypt .
president obama
spain be a member of nato .
the second planet
our first visit in 10 year
we sit in the preantepenultimate pew .
should we increase security at the expense of democratic principle ?
he have his house repair at his own expense .
they live in the south of france .
they live in southern france .
they live in northern ireland .
i see senator diane feinstein .
i see diane feinstein .
he work for bank of america .
she work for ubs , the biggest bank in switzerland .
she work for ubs , a big swiss bank .
they lobby congress to repeal the 15 @-@ year @-@ old law .
first victory in 12 game
second to fourth week
floor 3 and higher
the second to last episode
texas be the second largest state in the u.s.
canada be one of the largest country in the world .
canada and the u.s. be among the largest country in the world .
he be the first to do this .
when i meet her for the first time , mary still work for goldman sachs .
i meet his math teacher .
california governor jerry brown
north korea agree to dismantle the nuclear reactor in return for economic aid .
the company pay $ 20,000 in return for the release of all claim .
the waste be dispose of in accordance with epa regulation .
lawmakers demand the ban of chemical weapon .
her second child
at first , he refuse .
she @/@ he testify .
audio and @/@ or video component
during negotiation between north korea and the us , north korean official promise that the country will freeze its nuclear program .
during negotiation between north korea and the us , north korean official promise that north korea will freeze its nuclear program .
north korean official promise that north korea will soon begin to freeze its nuclear program .
twice a year
$ 3 per gallon
every other week
every other wednesday
$ 2 a person every 5 mile whenever it snow
he earn $ 42,000 per year .
we recommend an oil change every 3,000 mile .
we play bridge every wednesday afternoon .
he call me every day at 8 am and 5 pm .
the charity send out an annual newsletter .
french foreign minister laurent fabius
iraqi interior ministry operation director major general abdel karim khalaf
u.s. army general george patton
the head of the national intelligence service of peru vladimiro montesinos
senate republican kill the bill .
the president return to washington .
venice high school history teacher craig brandau
usc associate professor for mathematics jay bartroff
history teacher craig brandau
i have to renew my car insurance every six month .
we meet often .
we meet several time a month .
please close the door .
could you close the door ?
would you kindly close the door ?
we meet only once .
we meet three time .
could you tell me what time it be ?
barack obama be elect president of the unite state in 2008 .
i will leave in 20 minute .
the police interview more than 100 witness in the 2 month after the murder .
the police identify the murderer 2 month after the murder .
we have visit paris twice in the last three year .
she talk to him in french .
he be the school janitor .
he clean bathroom and empty the trash for the school .
denis mcdonough be the white house chief of staff .
they will get marry two week from tomorrow .
inflation be expect to rise during the next 2 year .
us president roosevelt announce his decision to run for reelection .
china spend 430 billion yuan rmb on water conservation .
buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo .
he work for afp .
he work for the news agency afp .
they come from sudan 's darfur region .
china launch the shenzhou spacecraft .
the game continue in spite of the rain .
i read it in the newspaper .
they talk about the weather .
lindbergh cross the atlantic in the spirit of st. louis .
the airbus a380 seat up to 853 passenger .
the child be in great danger .
we need to keep that in mind .
do n't give in to blackmail .
they take in a stray cat .
the boy will go .
we shall overcome .
he decorate the room in a creative way .
iraq launch a missile attack .
nicole go to england by train .
mrs. o'connor be our french teacher .
i book the hotel online .
he hit the lamp with his head .
he catch the fish with a net .
he eat the pizza with his finger .
he recover the frisbee with a long stick .
the company obtain the permit through bribery .
of course i know .
deputy minister of defense
david cameron be the prime minister of the unite kingdom .
he sell two of his ten horse .
a state @-@ of @-@ the @-@ art missile defense system
the dinosaur become extinct million of year ago .
leukemia be a kind of cancer .
leukemia be a type of cancer .
leukemia be a form of cancer .
leukemia be some sort of cancer .
he life in the town of sorong .
a hotel on the island of bali
the knife in the drawer
a paint by picasso
his health improve little by little .
he can recite the poem by heart .
i will send you the information by email .
the dolphin want to breathe .
the dolphin surface to breathe .
the match have be canceled due to the rain .
he lose close to $ 100,000 .
source close to the investigation
he life close to the church .
class be about to start .
i be tempt to buy his boat .
it rain for about 20 minute .
i see about 30 pelican .
but that 's not his fault .
john , however , stay at home .
import increase , while export fall sharply .
the package be deliver while he be away .
canada , on the other hand , be a monarchy .
the package be deliver on time .
the missionary traveled 200 mile on horseback .
he be injure and therefore unable to play .
i can n't do work at home , because she shout at me .
why do the chicken cross the road ?
the earthquake cause a tsunami .
the number of cancer death have be increase .
more intelligent
he leave last week .
she spend at most $ 5 on the gift .
by and large , that information be accurate .
the dinosaur die out at the end of the mesozoic era .
the soviet era end in 1991 .
score of people drown when the boat sank .
four score and seven year ago
the sad girl
more than a year ago
he life in the hague .
those boy
he be my brother @-@ in @-@ law .
@supertroll91 , shut up .
the explosion occured 80 kilometers ( 50 mile ) south of moscow .
unite state ( us )
all the boy leave .
no boy leave .
the boy and the girl
the big and heavy ball
the boy arrive and leave on tuesday .
the girl who adjust the machine
john 's car
many boy
the girl adjust the machine .
half a gallon
five and seven make twelve .
beach hotel
atlanta , georgia
when do you arrive ?
he oversleep again .
he arrive at 2 @:@ 30 pm .
country with huge deficit
western country ( e.g . the uk , the usa and france )
he buy flower for his mother .
lunch money
government figure
saddam be the former dictator of iraq .
mainland china
austria , for example , be not a member of nato .
he 's a professor at usc .
thailand 's youth be the most at risk .
as we predict , he win .
he act as if he own the company .
i must stop now as the shuttle leave in 10 minute .
how much do this cost ?
how tall be you ?
how do you solve the problem ?
how do you get him to help you ?
kevin knight work at isi .
penguin , for instance , can n't fly .
a former taliban leader
barry goldwater be a libertarian .
a coin from the former soviet union
the archaeologist visit istanbul , the former constantinople .
barack obama return to washington .
the 52 @-@ year @-@ old president order nachos .
the bus arrive .
the driver open the door .
his mother
john and mary be husband and wife .
my good old friend michael
she be his lawyer in the patent infringement suit .
berlin be a sister city of los angeles .
berlin and los angeles be sister city .
indian kashmir 's winter capital jammu
mary 's ex @-@ husband john
u.s. president roosevelt announce his decision to run for reelection .
you will always be my friend .
she have many friend .
while sarkozy 's remark be a sign of progress they be not sufficient .
tim give the book to martha instead of claire .
tim go for an early morning bike ride instead of sleep in .
job creation be not expect to slow down but will instead accelerate .
the boy be not injure at all .
he want to win at all cost .
he tell me that he can n't come after all .
after all , he be still my brother .
after all these year
physicist from all over the world
the girl be all alone .
i 'm not angry , but disappoint .
i would rather go swim than watch golf .
i wear shoe that be comfortable as oppose to stylish .
in lieu of flower , please make a donation to doctor without border .
she should solve the problem rather than complain about it .
the clinic advise him to take methadone in place of heroin .
he be rather arrogant .
john still love his ex .
mary 's baby cry .
john meet his partner online .
mary 's family be very poor .
china be an important trade partner of the unite state .
lin return to fujian in china .
it 's hard to be humble .
hard to believe that john speak 5 language .
it be a problem that glacier be melt .
the problem be glacier be melt .
that be a long flight .
the children 's choir sang beautifully .
the poet dr. seuss
victoria be half chinese .
the last week of may
how long will the meet last ?
he sell the company last october .
he lose 10 pound over the last 3 month .
revenue will double over the next 5 year .
i have be wait for her for the past few week .
i pass the exam this past year .
he call this past tuesday .
she have use drug in the past .
we drive past the hotel .
he lose over 10 pound .
we have no control over the media .
russia start to take over crimea .
we tell him over and over to leave .
the plane flew over the grand canyon .
if this happen again , i will resign .
something weird take place in the park .
what happen in japan ?
instead , they find an old coin .
she be a little bit nervous .
he be quite a bit older .
the wall be black .
the wall have be blacken by smoke .
the ratio of boy to girl in the class be 3 @:@ 2 .
john discover a valuable coin .
the girl make an adjustment to the machine .
european country
hot ! !! :p
he look up the word " serotinal ".
a 5.6 % interest rate
account # 1234567
jacques score a 18 @/@ 20 in math .
on a scale of 1 to 10 , how much pain do you feel ?
parliament vote 222 @-@ 221 to adopt the bill .
a surface @-@ to @-@ surface missile
a procedure to ensure quality
a procedure to ensure quality
if i remember correctly , he lose .
the woman who nominate her boss
the woman who lost her scarf
he could hardly breathe .
china be especially angry .
the issue be really important .
recently discover animal
behaviorally modern human
do you really think so ?
that 's a really big fish .
the earthquake occur in indonesia 's remote eastern province of papua .
so far , not .
so far , he do n't come .
you be so beautiful !
it rain , so we postpone the game .
so , what do you think ?
she buy an axe so that she could chop down the tree .
i 'm sick too .
i have three bicycle .
she fail the test , but remain optimistic nonetheless .
she remain optimistic nonetheless .
somehow , she find out about it .
i have no doubt whatsoever .
he find something else .
everybody else have already leave .
we insist that you adhere to the contract or else we will sue you .
there be another fire alarm , but i have to leave anyway .
anyway , i have to leave now .
be there anyway to fix this ?
call 911 if he come back anyway .
how big be the dog that bit you ?
i 'm not that rich .
in order for you to participate in the barbecue , you must sign up by wednesday .
the boy want to be kiss .
she 's sleep .
he 's be drink .
today 's earthquake
nixon 's resignation
einstein 's brain
singapore 's government
britains 's defense minister
jimbo 's football team
albert einstein : zur elektrodynamik bewegter krper ( 1905 ) annalen der physik , 322 ( 10 ): 891 @-@ 921 ( in german )
michel galley , mark hopkins , kevin knight and daniel marcu : what 's in a translation rule ? hlt @-@ naacl 2004 , pp. 273 @-@ 280
table 5
figure 6a
as show in table 5 , accuracy improve with the amount of train data .
we treat cho @-@ k1 cell with hrg ligand to induce maximal erbb3 phosphorylation ( fig . 6a ) .
the theory of special relativity be introduce by ( einstein , 1905 ) .
the protein can then be deacetylated . ( tsai et al. , 2002 )
french military defeat have be study extensively ( 1 @-@ 7 ) .
the girl be as tall as the boy .
he run as fast as lightning .
he traveled as far as india .
he will come as soon as possible .
he run as fast as he could .
police seize 50 pound of heroin as well as two machine gun .
she move out as soon as she turn 18 .
the first snowfall come as early as november 10 .
as far as i know , he be ill .
as far as i remember , the beatles be from liverpool .
as far as the ceo be concern , he be the best at everything .
as far as north korea be concern , i 'm not too worry .
as much as i would like to come , i can n't .
as amusing as a bachmann presidential candidacy would be , it will never happen .
her fingernail be as long as her finger .
the bicycle cost as much as $ 5,000 .
we fear that as many as 20 people drown in the ferry disaster .
we estimate that the cartel make as much as $ 300 million from drug traffic .
he sell as many car as his competitor .
he buy as much beer as he could carry .
jerry visit all country except cuba .
i solve the math problem on my own .
i solve the software problem by myself .
police arrive within 5 minute of the accident .
all building within a mile of the explosion be damage .
the mayor act within the law .
they own two acre of land within the city .
he damage his own car .
she will extract your tooth without hurt you .
she work in an office without a window .
oswald go through with his plan .
the energy will be supply through wind turbine .
the war rage from 1939 through 1945 .
i 'll be here through friday .
the queen herself drive the car .
she work in a windowless office .
this book be less expensive .
the exam will take less than 5 minute .
i feel absolutely helpless .
she arrive at the party without her husband .
the soldier leave the checkpoint without permission .
the company successfully promote its new product .
when she arrive , he be still asleep .
when all else fail , i use superglue .
carbon dioxide emission have an effect on climate .
the law effect major education reform .
the drug have serious side effect .
in effect , the fund cut thwart the new project .
solution with a ph less than 7 be say to be acidic .
he speak very good english .
the candidate 's first immigration reform speech in spanish
the english @-@ language korea herald newspaper
he speak to the audience about manx in english .
the japanese town bomb in 1945 be recently hit by deadly wave , cause devastate destruction .
the attack occur in the baghran district of the southern helmand province .
they live in southern france .
the attack occur in the baghran district of helmand province in southern afghanistan .
it do n't appear it will rain tomorrow .
i do n't want to leave .
he die within week of the divorce .
a 7.8 earthquake struck eastern iran , kill 40 people in the village of hiduj , severely damage many of its building , and trigger an international aid response .
i know that bill gate be rich .
i know bill gate to be rich .
we know your word to be true .
i know a lot about london .
i know london very well .
i have never know a lady to faint in the belfry .
i know latin .
i know how to swim .
the software be intend to increase productivity .
the fugitive be believe to hide in pakistan .
bill gate be know to be rich .
i oppose weapon intend for kill other human .
the murderer be hang in public .
the board discuss a possible sale of the company .
he traveled along the coast for 120 mile .
i have to attend a meet that last 9 hour .
the knight be kill by a sword blow .
i have live here since 1988 .
for google , analyst expect a profit of $ 5 per share on revenue of $ 15 billion .
notwithstanding the rain , the game continue .
the accommodation be less than ideal .
memory be less of a problem than speed .
for their honeymoon , the couple flew first class to hawaii .
we hold these truth to be self @-@ evident , that all men be create equal , that they be endow by their creator with certain unalienable right , that among these be life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
rockstrm say that when rich country increase their consumption , they also accelerate the exploitation of the world 's national resource , with the result that they emit more greenhouse gas .
this will ultimately accelerate the speed of desertification in sub - saharan african country and other area of the world .
the ice sheet have melt earlier this season .
consequently , expert have predict that the world have at least ten year within which to lower the volume of greenhouse gas emission before it be too late to redeem the situation .
a jeweler 's shop in tokyo display a swimsuit , dress and shawl to go with it make of pure gold thread today . these be make by a workshop in the ancient capital , kyoto .
tokyo 's ginza tanaka jewelry company say that the hand - woven gold dress weigh 1.1 kilogram , with a value of 30 million japanese yen ( about 8.06 million nt dollar ) .
the low - cut gold swimsuit with a low back weigh 500 gram , with a sale price of 10 million japanese yen .
a spokesperson for the company say , " the dress and swimsuit can be wear just like ordinary clothe , but must be treat the same as jewelry , and cannot be wash in a wash machine . "
the company be also display a relatively inconspicuous gold wall tapestry , which can be use to decorate the live room , at a price of 50 million japanese yen ( about 13.42 million nt dollar ) .
the london emergency service say that altogether 11 people have be send to hospital for treatment due to minor wound .
after the seven hundred passenger on the train be strand for two hour , they be guide through the tunnel to a safe place .
last week there be three fail car bomb attack in london and glasgow , and britain only yesterday lower its terrorist alert level from " critical " to " serious . "
this new strain of genetically modify potato have be develop by basf group , a giant german chemical company .
however , some environmental protection group have criticize the european food safety authority 's find , warn that these potato contain a gene that be resistant to certain antibiotic .
the burj dubai tower , estimate to be complete next year , be one item among numerous sumptuous construction project in dubai .
the clean - up work at the site have now be complete .
arm police , public security police , medical personnel , among others , be make their best rescue effort .
accord to a report on taiwan 's ettv news website , the old man , who be 85 year old this year , be originally call fu hei - han , but as an officer thought this name to be uncultured when he enlist in the army as a young man , he change the name for him to fu hsing - han with the intend mean of " make the chinese world prosperous . " although the name 's homophone always get him laugh at , he do n't mind at all .
li jinhua hope to see " the audit body audit " before he leave office .
he say that establish clean government be the very lifeline of audit work .
the audit body need to further strengthen its internal management , keep the audit team under strict control , take the initiative in accept outside supervision , and voluntarily publicize detail of its internal financial audit .
audit cadre must require themselves to adhere to the standard they apply when audit others .
to forge iron , you must first temper yourself . " if you be dishonest yourself , how can you make others honest ? "
the question be now , can we broaden out a bit the audit office director 's train of thought ?
do prosecute authority dare to be " prosecute ? "
do industrial and commercial department dare to be " supervise ? "
it seem that some people be get more and more narrow - mind : they only know how to make demand ; they do n't know how to repay people for their kindness .
after the old couple 's invitation to him to spend the spring festival with them be reject , they actually take the initiative to lend their own vehicle to the young person .
at time like this , we need refine manner , that be , let your heart always know gratitude !
an old man who be close to death call his son and daughter before him , and tell them a story of how he be help by someone , instruct his descendant to repay that person .
this be the most beautiful gift an old man can leave the world .
he make people realize the strength of gratitude and touch nature of reciprocation .
two year ago , a friend whom i have n't see for many year find me , and say he want to do some business .
i ask him how much capital he have .
when i hear that , i immediately burst out laughing . what can you do with 10,000 yuan ?
sure enough it be n't long before my friend open a one - yuan shoeshine shop on a busy street corner .
otherwise , even give more opportunity , you can still lose them .
huang huahua say that the past five year have be five year when guangdong see a rapid development in its reform and open up and the modernization construction , and make brilliant achievement .
huang huahua give some view on improve the work of science and technology association in the new period .
must fully bring into play the bridge and link role of science and technology association and organization and work hard on promote social harmony ;
( correspondent zeng weikang and press correspondent for guangdong science and technology assocation )
this will be the first chinese enterprise directly launch on the main board of the tokyo stock exchange .
the tokyo stock exchange say that this company will officially be list on the stock exchange on august 8 .
on the 17 th , two of russia 's strategic bomber fly for a short time close to british airspace , and two fighter plane from the british royal air force urgently take off to intercept them .
russian deputy minister of foreign affair alexander grushko say that this move by britain have cause relation between the two country to become directly confrontational .
the meet commend 131 of shanghai 's brandname product and service enterprise in 2006 , and make arrangement for further step in the brandname strategic promotion work .
xinhua news agency , xining , july 9 , special sport wire ( correspondent lu xueli ) the sixth tour of qinghai lake international road cycle race , which will start soon , have attract a lot of attention .
staff with the tour organize committee reveal that the level of support give by citic group this time will be the highest in the history of the tour .
during the performance of more than one hour , 19 chinese shaolin athlete took turn in take the stage and demonstrate their skill .
the whole audience be knock out watch drunken fist , drunken sword , tai chi , and meihuazhuang . hard qigong give the foreigner endless surprise at the hard - head hero that chinese martial art have create .
and performance such as " hundred animal compete for the throne , " and " 18 style of martial art " dazzle people ; while " three hero battle lu bu " and
the ensemble be due to leave yemen on the 26 th of this month to go to jordan to continue their performance tour .
johnson say that the global economy be perform very well , and the scene of prosperity be emerge globally .
he point out that the british central bank and the canadian central bank have both recently raise their interest rate , so as to curb inflation expectation .
i 'll be return to my country in september . now there be two place i can go to . can everyone help me see which be more suitable for me ?
1 . chinese academy of science . to be train accord to the hundred talent program and pay accord to the hundred talent program benefit , but there be no guarantee i will definitely get it .
although there be still paper to be publish after i return to my country , they 're quite useless for the application to the hundred talent program .
2 . a second tier provincial university , professor , 150,000 - 200,000 yuan house subsidy and 50,000 yuan research grant .
i can work on my current research topic .
i can only be an advisor for the master 's program . they do n't have doctoral programs as of today .
my husband suggest that i go to 1 because the start point be higher , the current pay be alright , and if i can n't make it there in future i can still go to 2 .
the university be in the suburb ; the school district be fairly ordinary , and there be not many choice in term of house .
later on , my teacher take me in his arm and i feel it very soft and very warm . after that , i get up and give my teacher a kiss on the forehead .
it be not only that . he also say the old bicycle be buy at a roadside yard sale by his retire friend , and not free of charge .
he just emailed that friend to ask him how much it cost .
however , my friend have to work and very probably cannot come back immediately . i 'm afraid i can n't drag for these few day .
yi jianlian be select by milwaukee buck as sixth pick but he be n't willing to play there , lead to much heat discussion recently .
why must he go to a city with many chinese people ?
actually , so what if he go to milwaukee ? there be no superstar there , but this be exactly his chance .
moreover , he be not qualify to bargain with his owner when he have yet to prove his power on the nba court .
on second thought , he can absolutely play in another city when his rookie player contract end after three to four year .
yao 's team be obviously a notch better in term of attitude and way of deal with thing . i really do not wish for yi 's team to become the second wang zhizhi .
star : xiu zongdi zongdi xiu , chen daoming daoming chen
dialog language : english / french / mandarin
four year of world war i end in 1918 .
in early 1919 , gu weijun , the chinese envoy to the unite state , go to france to participate in the paris peace conference as the plenipotentiary of his own country 's government .
xiao kejian , gu weijun 's good friend , be arrest by french police for organize a strike in paris to fight for equal pay for equal work for chinese worker in france .
however , his extreme action of join korean revolutionists in bomb the hotel the japanese delegation live in make korea and china the center of public opinion .
the paris peace conference reject china 's just request in the end and decide to let japan take over germany 's special right over jiaodong peninsula .
this cause the momentous " may 4 th " movement to break out in the country , and xiao kejian and others also protest in paris .
1 . best season - edible vinegar : help you relieve tiredness and be very good in inhibit bacteria .
3 . best soup - tomato soup : tomato lycopene have a certain function that protect the heart .
5 . best beverage - hot tea : hot tea 's cool ability far exceed that of cold beverage . it be superior among beverage that relieve summer heat .
6 . best nutrition - vitamin e : scientific study show that vitamin e can minimize the danger indices of sunlight , ozone , and fatigue .
9 . best cool " equipment " - hand - held fan : though the fan be already an " antique , " its fitness effect be what any other modern cool equipment cannot compare with .
10 . best health care measure - go to bed and get up at a fix time : there be longer hour of sunlight in summer . dawn come early and dusk come late .
early to bed and early to rise can help all kind of biological rhythm in our body to tick peacefully , and you will also wake up naturally and comfortably in the morning .
do they still have time to wait for us to succeed ?
do they still have time to wait for us to earn money to let them have a good life and let them be proud of us ???
find a way out for your own life
thing that hurt people , do n't say them ;
happy thing , say them depending on the occasion ;
thing about others , say them carefully ;
thing for now , say after you 've do them ;
stardock aquarium desktop be not a fish tank screen saver that be currently in fashion ; instead it turn your desktop directly into an aquarium , with beautiful fish swim on your desktop while you work .
when you 're stuck in a long line of car jam and can n't move , you often earnestly wish to be teleported to where you want to go .
currently a group of australian physicist be accelerate their work to realize everybody 's wish .
i hope that in our lifetime we have a chance to report to you the news that they have start to experiment on the human body .
when i use the remote control to switch on the television , the screen indicator light respond but fail to light up .
could it be that the television be break ?
i find out online that skyworth television have similar problem ( sanyo 1 , sanyo 2 ) . could it be the result of abnormal voltage cause by the summer electricity consumption peak ?
i 'll consult sanyo tomorrow by phone ( model no . : ck34f58p ( sh ) ) : 58895503 , 62641604 .
despite all this , president bush confirm his confidence in the iraqi prime minister , nuri al - maliki , and say that he be find him excuse because " the situation be tough . "
the report , which be 25 page long , say that the al - maliki government achieve only eight out of the 18 objective , with two of which rate as " weak . "
he say that withdraw american force without an improvement in the security situation " would represent a disaster . "
he call upon congress to avoid limit the number of force in iraq , point out that it be an idea that lack wisdom , today and in the future .
it say that damascus support a network that send between 50 to 80 suicide bomber monthly to " al - qaeda " in iraq .
the commission conclude in its latest report that the person name ahmad abu adas , who claim responsibility for execute the assassination , have no relation whatsoever with the assassination of hariri .
the commission could not yet identify the nationality and the name of the person who execute the operation .
at the same time , he stress the importance of the cooperation of the member state . the security council be set to discuss the serge brammertz report next week .
abdul rahim mallouh , deputy secretary general of the popular front for liberate palestine , head the 255 captive ' list , who be release yesterday by israel as a goodwill gesture .
he spend 18 year out of an original total of 20 .
the free captive ' list include 6 women and 11 minor .
the palestinian president mahmoud abbas promise to release more and confirm that this would only be the begin .
- baghdad : development in the situation in iraq , where violent act waste the life of 1,241 civilian in june in comparison to 1,951 in may .
- nahr al - bare ( lebanon ) : intermittent clash continue between the lebanese army and the fatah al - islam movement in the nahr al - bare palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon .
- tehran : talk with venezuelan president hugo chavez .
- gaza : development of the situation in the gaza strip , which be under the control of the hamas movement after two israeli air strike which result in the murder of seven people .
- riyadh : saudi interior minister nayif bin abd - al aziz discuss specifically the terrorism dossier of the " astray group " ( the saudi branch of the al - qaeda organization ) during an ordinary meet of the consultative council .
- cairo : an egyptian court will issue a decision regard the possibility of release , for health reason , the egyptian opposition person , ayman nour , who have be imprison for a year and a half .
- cairo : the funeral of the egyptian billionaire ashraf marwan , son - in - law of the late president gamal abdel nasser who die in london in dubious circumstance .
washington 7 - 17 - 2007 ( a. f. p ) - the us department of state declare on tuesday washington 's readiness to hold new direct negotiation with iran regard the situation in iraq .
iranian foreign minister , manuchehr motaki , announce tuesday that a new meet between iranian and american official on iraq could be hold in the " near future , " accord to what iranian media say .
the unite state and iran hold on may 28 th their first high - level official talk , since break diplomatic relation in 1980 .
amman 7 - 29 - 2007 ( a. f. p. ) - the saudi men 's team win the gold medal for the 4x100 meter relay today , sunday , in the last day of the 17 th asian athletics championship hold in the jordanian capital amman .
or be it a result of a combined effort ?
but the stage method weaken the government 's role to the benefit of the party , so it lose some credibility .
so much that we really live now in a society of category : judge , university professor , doctor , police , the military , worker , teacher ... etc.
dr. nazif say : we be indeed think of the unified civil employment law in order to replace the labor law
in which the basis would be the job description , which would help in restructure the government body , even though the project be still in its research and study phase .
that , in my opinion , be the miss formula in the performance of the government and the party .
olli heinonen , head of the international atomic energy agency delegation to iran , announce yesterday that the agency reach an agreement with tehran on the method of manage the negotiation regard its nuclear program .
gaza - by ashraf abu al - hole :
a draft resolution be prepare enable the formation of a unite nation and african union force of 26,000 soldier and policemen and permit the wide use of force to protect civilian in darfur .
what if you wake up one morning and be convince that your life have go from the very first moment until the last in the wrong direction ?
you do n't like the study you choose , nor be you satisfy by the job you take , nor the wife you love have make you happy , nor the dream you hang on to be achieve ?
but the difference in point of view change nothing of the matter ... and more often than not the best direction be to change the direction !
and fawzi al - benzarti actually traveled to tripoli along with his son , ayman , and his brother , sami .
the israeli newspaper that be publish yesterday devoted supplement to the one year anniversary of the july war , which cover the different aspect of this war and its repercussion on israel .
accord to alof ben in haaretz , the biggest loser in this war be ehud olmert and the kadima party , and the theory of unilateral israeli withdrawal .
on the other hand , the war have strengthen the position of the right and its leader , benjamin netanyahu , and it help to bring ehud barak back to the government .
but the most critical review be the one by ben kasbit in maariv . he write : " did we win the war that broke out exactly a year ago , or be we defeat ?
not exactly .
but since israel must win the confrontation with its enemy , the draw equal a defeat .
be our position today better than what it be a year ago on the eve of the war ?
be the position of hezbollah better today than it be a year ago ?
no , the party have be deal quite a major military blow , but from another point of view , it achieve an important moral victory .
it be true that it be push back off the border fence , but it be entrench and fortify itself to the north of the litani .
it withstand its confrontation with the israeli military might , but it lose many of its troop and lose the element of surprise .
nasrallah be in a real hole and olmert be in a virtual one , since his approval rate be almost equal to zero and the danger of the vinograd report be lurk on the horizon .
this be the first time that the big powerful arab state stand openly with israel in its war on an islamic - arab enemy .
the global struggle of civilization be happen here on our land before the eye of the world .
it be not for nothing that europe send the multinational force to south lebanon , and the americans be deploy all that they have leave to support the siniora government in beirut .
everyone know that iranian control over lebanon and the imminent american departure from iraq will contribute to the downfall of moderate islam in the middle east and the supremacy of the fundamentalist .
be the army rebuild its force ?
the new chief of staff be the right person in the right place .
therefore , i call upon the citizen in general , and those of al - matn in particular , to show their support for the lebanese army through civilized and democratic behavior as be their habit in this area .
at the top of the list of this wave of profit come orascom construction , which lead the stock market upward before and be now lead it downward .
share of the suwaidi cable company , which be one of the best perform company in the recent period , also fall by 3.8 % to close at a price of 77.50 pound per share .
shukri say that the share price of al - suwaidi cable have almost double over the past two month . therefore , it be natural that we see such a readiness to sell .
it be obvious that it be a correction process for the market , and it be natural after the wave of high performance .
but the drop do not prevail over the entire market .
the egyptian financial group - hermes also achieve slight gain . its share price rise by 0.5 % to 48.49 pound .
the dollar equal 5.69 egyptian pound .
the statement , which be publish on an electronic website that be use by islamists , say that al - qaeda mujahideen in the islamic maghreb country raid three apostate centers in the city of yakouren in tizi ouzou .
it be not possible to confirm the credibility of this statement from an independent source .
the statement add , " the overall result of the raid be the annihilation of no less than 25 apostate , between the dead and injure . "
the source add that the remainder of the arm islamic group member manage to flee . two people be wound within the army rank .
al - qaeda say that the mujahideen return safely without any significant injury in their rank .
this july 6 th , the foreign ministry of democratic korea announce that democratic korea will move toward closing and seal its nuclear facility in yongbyon after receive the first shipment of the fuel oil assistance .
accord to a previous agreement between seoul and pyongyang , south korea will deliver a total of 50,000 ton of heavy fuel oil within 20 day of deliver the first shipment of oil .
field of work for saudi woman ( miss specialization and useless qualification )
these success open the door wide to question about the absence of these specialization from the university , college and institute of the kingdom .
did that lead to women 's absence or exclusion from practicing these profession as a consequence of the non - existence of these specialization , which be also why they be not in the labor market ?
the survey respond to all these question .
i apologize to all my beloved friend for lack of interaction regard response or delay in make them due to the limitation to three response and one subject per day . almubasher_bilkhair@hotmail.com
the buffet and restaurant of the neighborhood become popular with the attendees , and what a happy marriage it be .
no writer be immortal *** and eternity shall preserve what his two hand write *** so , with your hand , write good book *** may he ease your way to see him on judgment day .
the palestinian authority have demand that the egyptian government stop broadcast the hamas - affiliate " al - aqsa " satellite channel on nilesat .
the source point out that channel carry by the satellite be deal with on a commercial basis as long as the operate channel do not violate conventional broadcast term and rule .
from call for the revival of the coptic ( christian ) era to call for the revival of the ( pharaonic ) era , o my heart , do not be sadden .
to subscribe to this service , please add * * the follow email address to your messenger list * * albeta ...@yahoo.com *
* we apologize for not answer any message or inquiry through messenger . *
those who wish to communicate with the operate team of the site may * * correspond with us through this form http : //www.albetaqa.com/contact.php
he add : " we will ask the arrest person to tell us from which store they buy their clothe and at which hair salon they do their hair so that we can shut them down . "
since the start of this campaign in april / " april " , warning have be issue to thousand of women , among whom hundred have be arrest for not abide by the religious dress code .
women , whether iranian or foreign , have be require to wear the veil since the islamic revolution in the year 1979 , but recent year see some relaxation , particularly with respect to wear the veil .
the ministry request that the officer of this committee hand over the person whom they arrest to regular police force , which be to carry out their own interrogation of them .
this religious police force be also under investigation follow a campaign of raid during which an asian woman fall to her death from the fifth floor last may in the region of holy mecca .
al - watan state that this religious police force be the object of more than 20 complaint in the year 2006 .
it come to a head . on the afternoon of june / june 12 the al - qassam brigade have have it with this collaborator group 's continuation of its zionist and american plan to eliminate the islamic movement .
the guardian : kurds and al - maliki agree on iraqi oil revenue - share
iraq sell about 1.3 million barrel of oil per day , the revenue of which constitute 93 % of the budget of the central government in baghdad .
in order to fight this habit , the kingdom have enact anti - tobacco and anti - drug law for the protection of society , include the application of the death penalty against drug smuggler and a prohibition against take them .
the regional director of the world health organization in the kingdom say : " the number of physician who smoke reach , in some of the arab country , more than 37 % of all physician .
saudi sue genie on harassment charge . a saudi man in the jazan region file a claim against a band of genie who harass and annoy him every day .
old man rob a bank .. only to return to jail
a 74 - year - old homeless thief fulfil his only wish , which be to return to jail for the next five year .
during the trial , the public prosecutor say that the old , alcoholic thief have become homeless and commit the theft in order to return to prison .
the court also find that newnham have be convict on charge of shoplift from store almost every year over a period of 36 year .
newnham say that rob the bank be much easier than sort out his affair and his retirement spend outside the prison .
the issue therefore do not concern some opinion that provoke wave of objection , but rather it fundamentally concern a vision of the role of the church , its ideology , and its universal message .
so the begin deny the relationship between islam and reason , as though islam be a religion that be hostile to reason and there be no place for reason in the islamic faith .
the search for a war in which victory would be easy be in reality no more than an electoral campaign . this campaign can only succeed in elect or re - elect the neo - conservative as leader of the unite state . but it be a success whose price be to push the world toward destruction , fabricate crises that detract from the real challenge , and the absence of a compass and priority .
2002 @-@ 01 @-@ 05
saudi arabia ( sa )
international ; military ; terrorism
the riyadh @-@ based naif arab academy for security science say in a statement that it be run a two @-@ week workshop for 50 anti @-@ terrorism expert .
on 5 january 2002 pan @-@ arab anti @-@ terror academy naif arab academy for security science reopen for the first time since the september 2001 terror attack on the us .
naif arab academy for security science be based in riyadh .
naif arab academy for security science be run by an arab interior minister ' council .
in a statement naif arab academy for security science announce --
it will sponsor a 2 @-@ week workshop for 50 anti @-@ terrorism expert .
the workshop 's anti @-@ terrorism expert be from 11 arab country include algeria , bahrain , egypt , jordan , lebanon , mauritania , morocco , saudi arabia , sudan , syria and yemen .
the workshop 's anti @-@ terrorism expert belong to anti @-@ terror squad in arab security agency and anti @-@ organize crime unit .
some specialize in deal with kidnap and hostage @-@ take scenario .
the workshop will address several terrorism @-@ related issue include political factor lead to terror , the role of religion in fight terrorist and economic factor that support crime and terrorism .
the workshop will study the use of the internet to promote terrorism and the internet 's role in facilitate money transaction and fund terrorist group .
in april 1998 arab country sign an anti @-@ terrorism agreement that bind the signatory to coordinate to fight terrorism .
2002 @-@ 01 @-@ 07
north korea ( kp )
proliferation ; international
a unite nation nuclear team will make a week @-@ long visit to north korea this weekend to inspect the stalinist state 's controversial nuclear site .
government source say on january 7 , 2002 that a unite nation nuclear team will make a week @-@ long visit to north korea this weekend to inspect the stalinist state 's controversial nuclear site .
the upcoming visit be view as part of the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) drive to clarify north korea 's nuclear ambition .
a government source state the visit by a group of iaea safety expert be schedule to last for a week begin january 12 , 2002 .
the source state that the inspection would focus on an isotope production laboratory in the yongbyon nuclear complex which be north of north korea 's capital pyongyang .
the iaea tour of the isotope production laboratory will unlikely give a full picture of north korea 's suspect nuclear weapon ambition .
the tour be a surprise offer make by north korea in november 2001 .
iaea accept north korea 's proposal last month but caution that the proposal be not a breakthrough .
iaea also state the lab be not one of the freeze facility it want to look into .
iaea be based in vienna and be the un 's nuclear supervisor .
north korea have deny the iaea full access to its facility .
north korea froze its suspect nuclear weapon program at yongbyon in exchange for receive two nuclear reactor produce less weapon @-@ grade plutonium under a 1994 accord with the unite state .
the 4.6 @-@ billion @-@ dollar project be due to be complete by 2003 .
delay have push back the finish until at least 2008 .
pyongyang insist it will allow full iaea inspection only when a significant portion of the project as define in the 1994 accord be complete .
2002 @-@ 01 @-@ 11
south korea ( kr )
international ; politics ; telecom
south koreans rally on january 11 , 2002 in support of their right to eat dog meat .
they threaten an internet war as part of a campaign to defend the traditional cuisine .
south koreans rally on january 11 , 2002 in support of their right to eat dog meat .
they threaten an internet war as part of a campaign to defend the traditional cuisine .
a nationalist group have vow cyber hostility against u.s. based media company warner bros . and one of france 's state @-@ run television channel .
the activist accuse the organization of be culturally @-@ biased and insult .
a south korean group have announce a campaign back by food scientist to promote the eat of dog meat .
this announcement be in response to increase foreign criticism of the way dog be slaughter in south korea .
the kill of dog for restaurant have become a more popular topic than the football world cup final .
the world cup final be to be co @-@ host by south korea and japan this year .
the debate be partly fueled by fifa , football 's international govern body .
fifa urge south korea to prevent the inhumane kill of dog .
south koreans be anger by the international pressure on their traditional cuisine .
the organizer of south korean website antijapan.wo.ro vow to paralyze the websites of warner bros . ( www.wpix.com ) and the french state television network ( www.francetv.fr ) on january 19 , 2002 .
the organizer of the south korean website accuse the broadcaster of falsely describe south koreans and their food culture as barbaric .
the anti @-@ japan group state that south korean culture be under attack .
the statement be make to gain supporter to join the lobby .
cyber warfare have become a common weapon for south koreans .
they be one of the most internet savvy nation in the world .
south korean cyber campaigner disable japanese education ministry websites last year in a protest against history book accuse of skim japan 's wartime record in asia .
the nationalist group be form to campaign against japan .
the group say the foreign broadcaster be batter the eat dogmeat culture and that it be insult behavior .
it trample on a tradition of one country .
the group say the foreign broadcaster do not show any remorse for their culture of eat snail and horse .
the cyber attack be to show the power of south koreans and asians against the west 's sense of superiority and ignorance of south korea 's history .
another group say they will launch an association next monday of around 100 dog meat restaurant owner in the seoul region and hold a seminar to promote the dish .
food scientist at chung chong college an yong @-@ geun say he would introduce some 350 different kind of culinary art with dog meat .
french actress @-@ turn activist brigitte bardot and other animal right campaigner call to stop the south korean practice of eat dog .
fifa president sepp blatter sent a letter last november to south korea 's world cup organize committee call for immediate and decisive measure against cruelty to dog .
it be ahead of the world cup which start may 31 , 2002 .
head of the korean football association and a fifa vice president chung mong @-@ joon say fifa should not intervene in the eat habit of a sovereign nation .
south korean official say most dog use for eat be kill instantly by electrocution .
activist contend many slaughterhouse in the countryside be not control .
they strangle dog , hang them by a rope and beat them in line with traditional practice to make the meat more tender .
dog restaurant be tell to close or go into the backstreets when seoul host the 1988 olympics .
no similar move be plan for the world cup .
the authority say the practice be slowly disappear in korea .
a recent survey state that about one million dog be sell every year for food in south korea and 92 percent of men age 20 and above and 68 percent of adult women have taste dog meat .
2002 @-@ 01 @-@ 15
pakistan ( pk ) ; india ( in )
international ; government ; terrorism ; war and conflict ; dissent ; leader
religious extremism continue in pakistan despite the ban of militant group .
religious extremism continue in pakistan despite the ban of militant group by the pakistani government .
newspaper and magazine extol the virtue of islamic holy war in kashmir continue to fill the newstands in pakistan despite the pakistani military government 's attempt at a large scale containment of religious extremism .
around 1400 allege religious extremist have be arrest since 020112 under severe action against islamic militant and sectarian radical announce by president pervez musharraf during the weekend .
the severe action against militant and radical come as pervez musharraf ban 5 islamic group .
the ban 5 islamic group include the 2 hardline militant group fight indian rule in kashmir which the indian government accuse of stage the violent 011213 attack on the indian parliament .
pakistani authority have state that no statement or literature from the 5 ban islamic group would be tolerate after pervez musharraf 's speech ban the 5 islamic group .
pervez musharraf 's speech ban the 5 islamic group be applaud by the unite state .
iftikhar ahmed state that under the notification that be issue late at night on 020114 all publication , newspaper , weekly magazine , monthly , etc of the 5 ban islamic group be ban and confiscate .
iftikhar ahmed be a pakistani interior ministry official .
iftikhar ahmed state that pakistan 's provincial government have be ask to implement the order in the notification that be issue on 020114 and that pakistan 's provincial government be in the process of take action .
karachi police chief tariq jamil state that the 5 ban islamic group would not be allow to operate in any way .
tariq jamil state that he would examine if the baned literature be still available in the market despite the ban .
the 2 hardline militant group fight indian rule in kashmir be the lashkar @-@ e @-@ taiba and jaish @-@ e @-@ mohammad .
the lashkar @-@ e @-@ taiba and jaish @-@ e @-@ mohammad be still distribute their message through a range of publication and magazine easily available in karachi .
other group link to terrorism and include on the unite state terrorist exclusion list be also publish regular newspaper and journal contain rhetoric that be against western country and call for war in the name of islam .
qari mohammad zafar state that his elder urge him to read about jihad through the islam daily publish by the al @-@ rashid trust and lashkar @-@ i @-@ taiba 's zarb @-@ e @-@ taiba weekly .
qari mohammad zafar be an 18 @-@ year @-@ old student of a religious seminary .
qari mohammad zafar state that he do not know whether the pakistani government will also ban the publication encourage jihad .
qari mohammad zafar state that himself and other people have be tell by our elder to read pro @-@ jihad newspaper and magazine .
the al @-@ rashid trust and lashkar @-@ i @-@ taiba be on the unite state terrorist exclusion list and the al @-@ rashid trust 's and lashkar @-@ i @-@ taiba 's asset freeze in pakistan .
the al @-@ rashid trust have not be officially ban in pakistan .
the primary editorial in the islam daily of al @-@ rashid trust on 020115 carry a warn to the pakistani government .
the islam daily of al @-@ rashid trust support the taliban fund link to osama bin laden 's al @-@ qaeda network .
the headline in the islam daily of al @-@ rashid trust on 020115 state action extreme against extremism above an article state that the pakistani government should not domineer a large section of pakistani society which support the jihad against indian rule in the divide himalayan state of kashmir .
newspaper seller mohammad farooq state that pervez musharraf 's clamp @-@ down on extremism have do little to limit the demand for ban religious extremist publication .
mohammad farooq state that the publication of the islam daily of al @-@ rashid trust have not be affect yet by pervez musharraf 's clamp @-@ down on extremism and the circulation of the islam daily of al @-@ rashid trust have increase in the past couple of day .
over 12 publication include daily , weekly and monthly of various extremist group include those banned on 020112 still sell in large number in the market and bazaar of karachi .
police officer mohammad iqbal state that the police so far have not receive any instruction to take action against any ban religious extremist publication .
analyst state that the pakistani government may have trouble explain the pakistani government 's reason if the ban religious extremist group ' publication be suddenly remove from the newsstand because the pakistani government generally support the freedom of the press .
a reporter who do not want to be name from the publication of the islam daily of al @-@ rashid trust state that it would not be easy for the pakistani government to ban the religious extremist publication and make over 500 employee jobless .
2002 @-@ 01 @-@ 17
iran ( ir )
narcotic ; military
thirteen drug trafficker be kill and 10 arrest in iran anti @-@ drug sweep .
the iranian army launch a huge sweep against trafficker along the border with afghanistan and pakistan .
on january 17 , 2002 a state radio report that thirteen drug trafficker be kill and 10 arrest in iran anti @-@ drug sweep .
the iranian army launch a huge sweep against trafficker along the border with afghanistan and pakistan .
the radio say the first day of val fajr accumulate more than four ton of drug and 50 gun in southeast iran on january 16 , 2002 .
val fajr mean swear to victory in arabic and be a phrase from the koran .
in december 2002 police announce than an arm corps with afghanistan , pakistan and turkmenistan be be assemble specifically to combat drug traffic along iran 's border .
iran be a major transit point between drug producer in afghanistan and pakistan and the market of europe and the gulf .
parliament approve plan in may 2001 to build an anti @-@ drug wall along the 925 @-@ kilometre ( 560 @-@ mile ) border with afghanistan .
a budget be allocate for the barrier to be equip with electronic detention equipment .
an afghan television report on january 16 , 2002 that afghanistan 's interim administration have ban the cultivation of opium poppy in a bid to end drug traffic .
in july 2000 the taliban militia also ban production of opium .
opium be the raw ingredient for heroin .
the ban be strictly enforce with opium production decrease from 3,200 ton to 185 ton .
afghan farmer resume grow opium poppy after the militia be overthrow in december 2001 .
iranian law state the death penalty for drug traffic .
more than 3,000 policemen have be kill in anti @-@ drug raid in the past 20 year .
2002 @-@ 01 @-@ 23
iran ( ir ) ; afghanistan ( af ) ; pakistan ( pk )
narcotic ; military
iranian army arrest 1600 drug trafficker , kill 21 , and seize 6 ton of drug and weapon in large @-@ scale operation along its border with afghanistan and pakistan .
the government have ban cultivation of opium poppy and plan to build a wall along its border in an attempt to end drug traffic .
iran 's state news agency irna report 23 january 2002 that iranian security force kill 21 drug trafficker and arrest more than 1600 in operation in the east and south of iran in recent day .
irna state that in the large @-@ scale army operation along the eastern border with afghanistan and pakistan 21 drug trafficker be kill , 1500 arrest and approximately 5 ton of drug seize .
irna state that the 10 @-@ day @-@ old operation would continue until all the trafficker be kill or arrest .
in a separate dispatch irna state that during the past 20 day in southern iran 's fars province police have arrest 107 drug trafficker include 11 foreign national .
the nationality of the foreigner be not mention .
irna state that approximately 1 ton of various drug include hashish as well as fire arm be seize .
iran be a major transit point between drug producer in afghanistan and pakistan and the market of europe and the gulf .
in may 2001 the iranian parliament approve plan to build a wall equip with electronic detection device along the 560 @-@ mile border with afghanistan to deter drug traffic .
last week afghan television report that afghanistan 's interim administration have ban cultivation of opium poppy in an attempt to end drug traffic .
opium be the raw ingredient for heroin .
the now @-@ oust taliban militia in july 2000 also ban production of opium .
the ban be strictly enforce and result in a decrease in opium production from 3200 ton to 185 ton .
desperate afghan farmer resume grow opium poppy soon after the hard @-@ line militia lose power in december 2001 .
iranian law apply the death penalty for drug traffic .
in the past 20 year more than 3000 police officer have be kill in anti @-@ drug raid .
2001 @-@ 12 @-@ 20
canada ( ca )
international ; terrorism
canadian government 's warn of al @-@ qaeda 's capability to launch a cyberattack cause various industry to review their preparedness .
critical infrastructure include energy and transportation provider cite close work with government to remain aware of threat and to update accordingly .
a recent government warn that al @-@ qaeda terrorist could launch a cyberattack on canadian interest or critical infrastructure have cause many concern industry to review their security system .
vice president of canadian electricity association francis bradley state that the company have a warn system for both physical and cyberattacks .
bradley state that the company have be significantly focused on prevention of cyberattacks .
in a recent interview bradley state that many utility firm perform a brief review of their multi @-@ tiered response system after such warning be issue .
the warn from the canadian department of national defense 's office of critical infrastructure protection and emergency service be quietly release on 20 december 2001 and cite no specific threat .
director of threat analysis at the canadian department of national defense 's office of critical infrastructure protection and emergency service brenda hensler @-@ hobbs state that follow the attack of 11 september 2001 the canadian government specifically examine the potential cyber @-@ capability of al @-@ qaeda and osama bin laden 's follower .
hensler @-@ hobbs state that the canadian government have no knowledge of al @-@ qaeda have engage in cyberattacks in the past but that leader bin laden have suggest that if he choose to launch cyberattacks he could have the mean available to him .
in summary of the recent warn state that such an attack could be execute in the very near future hensler @-@ hobbs state that bin laden 's location be irrelevant because bin laden possess the money and supporter necessary to have such an attack execute by others .
a number of al @-@ qaeda militant include millennium plot bomber ahmed ressam be know to have remain in canada .
many be locate in montreal .
hensler @-@ hobbs state that the proliferation and availability of hacker tool and the low skill level need to conduct cyberattacks demonstrate the ease of launch an attack anywhere .
hensler @-@ hobbs cite the example of the montreal @-@ based hacker known as mafiaboy who attack u.s. websites include amazon.com in 2000 .
many think that security must be improve at north american critical infrastructure include energy and transportation provider and the financial service sector that be largely interconnected .
many business begin prepare for cyber incident before the year 2000 .
a separate report issue recently by the u.s. government @-@ fund research group computer science and telecommunications board state that cyber security need considerable improvement .
for example , accord to a canadian government estimate the love bug launch in may 2000 cause 6.7 billion u.s. dollar in damage and disrupt canadian government system .
bell canada spokesman andrew cole state that bell canada be prepare and remain prepare for various potential situation and scenario .
cole state --
bell canada work very closely with the government and the private sector to be aware of security concern and to update accordingly .
bell canada work closely with u.s. official and firm after the attack of 11 september 2001 .
bell canada provide a total of 26 million phone and internet connection to a nation of 30 million people .
bradley state --
electricity firm have strong warn system that be coordinated by the north american electric reliability council .
there have not be a cyber event that have result in a loss of power for utility customer .
there be little possibility that a cyberattack would disable a north american electric grid .
electric company be well prepare and be make all preparation require to be ready for any physical or cyberattack .
the north american electric reliability council 's 30 largest utility company go on their highest alert on september 11 and many still have an increase security presence in effect and plan to extend it further .
2002 @-@ 01 @-@ 26
russia ( ru )
international ; space ; energy
russia 's military authority criticize kamchatenergo power company for impose a shutdown on supply to a command center that guide military satellite in orbit and contribute to system control the international space station .
the kamchatenergo company disconnect a major control center of the russian space force locate in kamchatka early saturday , the russian space force press service say .
kamchatenergo feed power to the vast kamchatka peninsula in russia 's far east .
a statement from the russian space force press service on 020126 call the action a direct violation of government decree on defense facility and state that it could have lead to the loss of a spacecraft cost hundred of million of rubles .
the monitor center be a key element in maintain russia 's satellite network in orbit and play a part in operation of the international space platform alfa .
official at the command center take urgent measure to use reserve power unit to keep the system function and to temporarily provide residential centers with electricity .
several other military base and strategic defense unit be affect .
the state power monopoly unite energy service and its regional subsidiary kamchatenergo launch a program of power cut to long @-@ term debtor on 020125 .
unite energy service argue that non @-@ payment of bill have prevent it from maintain supply .
the russian space force , the space branch of russia 's arm force , express alarm at the prospect of further power cut result from delay in federal budget resource reach local authority on time .
2002 @-@ 01 @-@ 28
russian federation ( ru )
international ; space ; energy
russian space official warn that power cut against the military for non @-@ payment of bill , like the one at a command center in the far east kamchatka peninsula of the russian space force , could have catastrophic consequence .
28 january 2002 -- russian space official warn that power cut against the military for non @-@ payment of bill could have catastrophic consequence .
russian space agency spokesman sergei gorbunov announce --
a weekend black @-@ out at a command center in the far east kamchatka peninsula of the russian space force have not affect the international space station ( iss ) .
the kamchatka command center maintain russia 's satellite network in orbit .
the kamchatka command center play a role in iss operation .
cut power to command centers could pose danger for russian space installation .
power cut could lead to a failure of all work with space craft .
the iss could function for an orbit or two without ground control by use standby system .
a total unexpected loss of power during control of military equipment could be catastrophic .
the government or ues or the ministry of defense must resolve the issue .
the kamchatenergo company feed power to kamchatka peninsula .
on 26 january 2002 kamchatenergo disconnect the russian space force center for most of the day .
kamchatenergo be 1 of several regional subsidiary of state power monopoly unite energy service ( ues ) .
on 25 january 2002 ues cut power to long @-@ term debtor .
kamchatenergo state that non @-@ payment of bill prevent it from maintain power supply .
the iss --
consists of 16 nation
be hail as an example of international cooperation in space
have be largely build by russia .
russia provide several iss module include zvezda and zarya
several other military base include some strategic defense unit be affect by the power outage .
russian space force be the space branch of russia 's arm force .
iss module unity be build by the us .
2002 @-@ 02 @-@ 01
australia ( au )
narcotic ; crime ; international
an australian jury find that an uzbekistan olympic box official be defame in a book about alleged olympic corruption in which he be depict as a major international heroin dealer and racketeer .
a new south wale supreme court jury take just over 2 hour on 020201 to find gafur rakhimov have be libel in a book the great olympic swindle which allege olympic corruption .
gafur rakhimov be an uzbekistan olympic box official and be depict in the book as a major international heroin dealer and racketeer .
the great olympic swindle be write by british journalist andrew jennings and publish by simon and schuster .
the rakhimov case will now go to a single judge to hear defence and decide any damage to be award to rakhimov .
the great olympic swindle imply that gafur rakhimov have be engage in fraud , prostitution , assassination , gun run and plutonium smuggle .
the book also imply that the businessman be a gangster in the soviet black economy and have trade sport medal for bribe .
rakhimov be vice @-@ president of the olympic council of asia and an executive member of the international amateur box association .
rakhimov be also say to have bribe member of the international amateur box federation in the vote for the federation presidency .
jennings be a long @-@ time critic of the international olympic committee .
the 020201 verdict follow 2 defamation action bring last year by rakhimov against the australian broadcast corporation ( abc ) and jennings and against the sydney morning herald ( smh ) and jennings .
a jury find in the case involve the abc that abc 's flagship current affair program four corner have imply rakhimov know some of the world 's most dangerous criminal and be suspect by the fbi of drug traffic .
that panel find those insinuation be not defamatory and threw out the case against the abc and jennings .
the smh and jennings be then sue over 3 article publish in the lead @-@ up to the 000000 olympics .
the jury in that case find rakhimov have be paint as a major international criminal and have be defame .
2002 @-@ 02 @-@ 10
tajikistan ( tj ) ; uzbekistan ( uz ) ; afghanistan ( af ) ; kyrgyzstan ( kg ) ; kazakhstan ( kz ) ; turkmenistan ( tm )
international ; narcotic ; terrorism ; politics
osce urge permanent end to afghan terrorism and drug @-@ traffic to create long @-@ term stability in central asia .
expert state that cultivation of opium and drug traffic be deeply entrench in afghanistan and will be impossible to eradicate .
on 10 february 2002 an official with the organization for security and cooperation in europe be quote as state that long @-@ term stability in central asia depends on eradicate post @-@ taliban afghan terrorism and drug @-@ traffic .
the osce envoy in neighboring tajikistan marc gilbert state to the government weekly national gazette that there be now hope that afghanistan will develop its democratic institution and end terrorism and drug @-@ smuggle result in greater stability in central asia .
gilbert state that the post @-@ soviet republic in central asia fought terrorism by give material and other necessary help to the international anti @-@ terrorist coalition in the war against saudi dissident osama bin laden and the taliban regime .
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experience raid by taliban @-@ back islamic militant in recent year .
neighboring kyrgyzstan have also experience raid by taliban @-@ back islamic militant in recent year .
kazakhstan also become a key u.s. partner in the afghan war open its airspace to military overflights .
turkmenistan maintain a more neutral stance .
turkmenistan border afghanistan .
gilbert state that tajikistan 's positive and responsible approach to the crisis in afghanistan have significantly improve the country 's image internationally .
tajik government expert and head of the tajik drug control agency vladimir rakhmonov state on 10 february 2002 that the u.s. @-@ lead war in afghanistan have fail to stop drug traffic across the border into tajikistan .
rakhmonov state to interfax --
opium and heroin be a form of hard @-@ currency reserve for afghanistan .
drug traffic from afghanistan have be conceal so securely that it will be impossible to uncover .
drug traffic from afghanistan resume during a brief hiatus in the anti @-@ terrorist operation .
in 2001 tajik law @-@ enforcement agency and russian border guard seize 8.8 ton of drug include 4.2 ton of heroin .
this represent a 26 percent increase overall in 2001 with 3 time the amount of heroin .
suggestion that there be no longer drug lord in afghanistan and that drug traffic into tajikistan have be eradicate be unrealistic and false .
many year would be need to convert afghanistan 's agriculture historically specialize in the grow of raw opium .
cultivation of raw opium provide the only source of income for much of the rural population .
tajikistan 's 780 @-@ mile border with afghanistan be patrol by approximately 11000 russian soldier under a 1992 agreement between the russian and tajik government .
2002 @-@ 03 @-@ 01
afghanistan ( af ) ; russian federation ( ru )
international ; narcotic ; terrorism
afghan official conduct talk with russian official ask for assistance in stop afghanistan 's large illegal opium and heroin trade .
afghanistan seek to end poppy harvest and increase border control .
march 1 , 2002 interim interior minister of afghanistan yunus qanooni ask russian official to assist in combating the drug trade and establish security in afghanistan .
qanooni be a member of the northern alliance .
qanooni tell russian deputy minister for emergency situation yury vorobyov --
unfortunately over the past six year , the rule of the taliban turn afghanistan into a center of terrorism and drug .
the struggle against terrorism and against drug , and the establishment of security be a priority for the administration of afghanistan .
but combating terrorism and drug require joint effort .
peace and stability in afghanistan be not only in the interest of the afghani people and nation but of all the country in the region .
afghanistan 's interim government state that it would take firm measure very quickly to prevent the harvest of poppy in the wake of the taliban regime 's fall late last year .
leader of afghanistan 's interim government hamid karzai say the fight against poppy harvest and the lucrative traffic of opium and heroin will be a top priority .
the anti @-@ drug effort be strongly support by western country , whose population be a major market for heroin and opium from afghanistan .
february 28 , 2002 kabul official announce that afghan police be create their first anti @-@ narcotic unit with the help of the unite nation due to concern that the country could again become a major producer of opium .
february 28 , 2002 qanooni state in talk with russian interior minister boris gryzlov that afghanistan 's main task be to prevent future drug production .
qanooni outline a three @-@ stage plan of action --
afghan authority will seek to ban poppy harvest .
afghan authority will strengthen the border around afghanistan .
afghan authority will cooperate with the security force of neighboring state .
afghanistan be think to be responsible for 75 percent of the world 's opium and 80 percent of the heroin trade illegally in europe .
approximately 11000 russian guard patrol the 1200 @-@ kilometre ( 750 @-@ mile ) border between russia and afghanistan under a 1992 agreement sign by moscow and dushanbe .
the northern alliance oppose the taliban but tolerate the harvest of poppy in territory it control .
afghanistan 's interim government have be in power for 2 month .
2002 @-@ 03 @-@ 04
korea , republic of ( kr ) ; unite state ( us )
international ; government ; military
south korea 's defense ministry under attack in parliament over allegation it be favoring u.s. company boeing for multi @-@ billion @-@ dollar fighter project .
newspaper report reveal that french @-@ make plane be rate higher in air force evaluation and that the government be instead respond to political pressure from the u.s. and boeing .
south korea 's defense ministry come under attack in parliament on 04 march 2002 over allegation that it be favoring u.s. company boeing for a multi @-@ billion @-@ dollar fighter project .
rule and opposition lawmakers criticize the ministry as newspaper report that the french @-@ make fighter rafale have score the highest mark of any of the 4 contender in field test perform by south korean air force evaluators .
the 3.2 billion u.s. dollar project to buy 40 fighter will be one of the most important international military contract award this year but it have encounter multiple obstacle .
award of the contract be temporarily suspend in february 2002 after the price offer by 4 bidder be judge too high .
south korea 's defense ministry promise to conclude its first @-@ stage appraisal by the end of march 2002 .
there have also be much newspaper speculation that the south korean government might yield to u.s. pressure to buy boeing 's aged f @-@ 15 k .
speculation grow in february 2002 when defense minister kim dong @-@ shin stress that south korea should consider security tie with the unite state in the project .
the other compete plane be the dassault firm 's rafale , the eurofighter consortium 's typhoon 2000 and the russian su @-@ 32 make by sukhoi .
dassault be seek its first foreign order for the rafale .
kang chang @-@ sung of the opposition grand national party express doubt of the fairness of the evaluation method state that his party suspect that the defense ministry have political reason to select the f @-@ 15 k .
the rule millennium democratic party also accuse the ministry of favoring the f @-@ 15 k despite the defense chief 's insistence that there be no favoritism toward boeing .
kim state --
there have be no pressure from the unite state .
there would be an investigation into how classified document have be leak .
the defense ministry be further pressured by numerous newspaper report of the air force 's evaluation of the rafale as excellent in all category .
newspaper state that the f @-@ 15 k be rate excellent in reliability and support combat capability but met only 30 percent of core technology requirement .
newspaper state that the eurofighter be rate excellent in general function and reliability category but the rafale also earn the excellent rate for its weapon and electronic warfare capability .
the su @-@ 35 place fourth with rating of ordinary in all five category .
rafale reportedly offer more generous term for technology transfer and subcontract for south korea 's aerospace industry .
the ministry state that the air force be just 1 of 4 evaluation .
some analyst have state that the study method be biased toward boeing note that the evaluation be revise in february 2002 to ensure that all 4 bidder would receive an automatic 60 point for technology transfer .
the english @-@ language korea herald newspaper state that this revision give an advantage to boeing which have be reluctant to transfer core technology .
the korea herald state that when evaluators be conduct their first @-@ stage report the ministry order them to give each bidder grade within a range of 60 to 100 point instead of 0 to 100 point .
the korea herald state that critic say boeing would benefit most from the point minimum because it would gain fewer point than dassault in term of technology transfer and subcontract .
2002 @-@ 03 @-@ 29
korea , republic of ( kr )
proliferation ; international ; politics
a senior south korean minister on friday warn that there could be a new crisis this year over inspection of the rival north 's nuclear program .
senior south korean minister jeong se @-@ hyun on 020329 warn that tension could rise because north korea want inspection of its nuclear facility delay .
unification minister jeong be the south korean government 's chief policymaker for relation with north korea .
jeong say in a lecture on south korea and us relation with north korea that there be some talk in the unite state that the nuclear inspection in north korea should be carry out in 020800 .
north korea 's suggestion be that the inspection should be delay until 050000 .
jeong say that a crisis could come in 020800 on the korean peninsula if this issue become an international point of contention .
follow jeong 's comment another senior government official seek to play down jeong 's remark about the loom trouble .
the unnamed official tell the yonhap national news agency that talk of press for iaea inspection in 020800 have come only from private researcher in the unite state .
the official say it be speculation that the north korean government think the inspection should be delay until 050000 .
top south korean envoy lim won @-@ dong intend to raise international concern about the north 's nuclear and missile programs when he go to pyongyang 020403 .
lim be a special advisor to president kim dae @-@ jung on national security and foreign affair .
lim have also warn of a loom nuclear crisis on the korean peninsula .
military official say lim intimate the problem could be as serious as a 940000 nuclear standoff over north korea 's suspect nuclear weapon development that came close to conflict .
the north korean government agree to freeze the north korean nuclear program under an accord with a us @-@ lead international consortium .
the consortium be to build 2 light water nuclear reactor that produce less weapon grade fuel than north korea 's old graphite reactor and provide substitute fuel until they be build .
the original 030000 target date for completion have be put back at least 5 year because of major political and construction delay .
the 940000 accord stipulate that the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) must be allow to inspect north korea 's old facility to see if plutonium have be process before the core facility of the new reactor be install .
2002 @-@ 04 @-@ 04
india ( in )
international ; military ; business
india 's hindustan aeronautics limit plan to manufacture and maintain 140 sukhoi 30 fighter jet for the indian government .
india 's state @-@ own banglalore @-@ based hindustan aeronautics limit chairman n. r. mohanty state that the indian government have decide that hindustan aeronautics limit will manufacture and maintain 140 sukhoi 30 mk fighter jet .
n. r. mohanty state that an agreement have be sign between the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautics limit and the indian air force to upgrade india 's age fleet of mig @-@ 27 m aircraft .
n. r. mohanty state that the upgrade will be do soon as it have almost be finalised by the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautics limit and the indian air force .
n. r. mohanty state that initially 40 aircraft will be upgrade .
n. r. mohanty state that hindustan aeronautics limit will receive 100 percent technology transfer to make the sukhoi 30 mk fighter jet .
n. r. mohanty state that this technology transfer be good because when an aircraft be sell at a cheap rate you end up pay more when you start maintain the aircraft and request spare aircraft .
hindustan aeronautics limit plan to begin make the sukhoi 30 mk fighter jet in 030000 and the first aircraft will be hand over to the indian air force by 040000 .
n. r. mohanty state that the manufacture of all the 140 sukhoi 30 mk fighter jet will be complete by 170000 .
n. r. mohanty state that hindustan aeronautics limit will also manufacture the 920 engine for the sukhoi 30 mk fighter jet .
the initial investment will be 650 million unite state dollar .
150 million unite state dollar of the initial investment will be earmark for capital investment .
n. r. mohanty state that hindustan aeronautics limit will fund the initial investment from hindustan aeronautics limit 's own resource and the 500 million unite state dollar need for tool , other equipment and technical assistance will be raise when hindustan aeronautics limit need it .
hindustan aeronautics limit have pay a licence fee of 286 million unite state dollar to russia to be able to make the sukhoi 30 mk fighter jet .
n. r. mohanty state that the indian government be also plan to purchase 50 sukhoi 30 mk fighter jet from russia at a cost of 30 million unite state dollar each .
n. r. mohanty state that hindustan aeronautics limit 's indigenous aircraft will cost slightly less or be almost equal to 30 million unite state dollar each .
an earlier 340 million unite state dollar plan to upgrade india 's mig @-@ 21 fighter jet be delay by more than 5 year .
russian official blame the indian government 's intransigence for the delay .
the 960000 russian indian upgrade deal be meant to be complete within 2 year but the first 2 upgrade mig @-@ 21 @-@ 93 jet be not deliver to india until 000000 .
n. r. mohanty state that hindustan aeronautics limit 's 010000 target be to deliver 16 mig @-@ 21 upgrade but hindustan aeronautics limit be only able to deliver 6 .
n. r. mohanty state that hindustan aeronautics limit have many problem with the french and russian company and that this year hindustan aeronautics limit be plan a minimum of 24 upgrade .
n. r. mohanty state that hindustan aeronautics limit have submit a proposal to the indian government for the development of a light attack helicopter and the first flight of india 's intermediate jet trainer hjt @-@ 36 be plan for 020000 .
hindustan aeronautics limit state on 020404 that hindustan aeronautics limit make a net profit of 62 million unite state dollar on a sale turnover of 27.3 billion rupee year @-@ on @-@ year for the fiscal year to 020300 .
2002 @-@ 04 @-@ 07
japan ( jp ) ; china ( cn )
international ; politics ; government ; weapon
japanese opposition liberal party chief ichiro ozawa announce that japan be able to arm itself with nuclear weapon overnight if china proceed with excessive military build @-@ up .
7 april 2002 -- japanese opposition liberal party chief ichiro ozawa have announce that japan be able to arm itself with nuclear weapon overnight .
japan will arm itself with nuclear weapon if china proceed with excessive military expansion .
ozawa discuss japan 's nuclear weapon during a meet with a chinese community party intelligence division official .
ozawa 's warn could provoke strong reaction from china and asia .
asia be on alert to sign of japan 's military revival .
6 april 2002 -- in a lecture in the provincial city of fukuoka ozawa state --
china be expand its military power to attempt to join the rank of the superpowers .
china be try to become a military power like the us .
that ozawa tell an unnamed chinese visitor that if china expand its military power japanese people will get hysterical .
japan can easily produce nuclear warhead .
japan can produce thousand of nuclear warhead overnight .
japan may have enough plutonium at nuclear power plant for 3000 or 4000 round .
if japan rise to the occasion japan will never be beat even in term of military power .
ozawa want a fully democratic china and a society in which china and japan can coexist .
the introduction of democracy to china be essential to world peace .
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil .
a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia .
japanese newspaper express concern about the repercussion of ozawa 's remark .
conservative daily newspaper sankei shimbun state that ozawa 's nuclear armament threat be an attempt to subdue china .
sankei shimbun state that ozawa 's remark be likely to cause contention in japan and abroad .
influential daily newspaper asahi shimbun anticipate a backlash from the chinese government and others .
ozawa be a renowned advocate of a strong arm force .
ozawa be a conservative .
ozawa be a former secretary general of the rule liberal democratic party .
2002 @-@ 04 @-@ 08
japan ( jp )
proliferation ; politics
the japanese government state on april 8 , 2002 its policy of hold no nuclear warhead .
this be after a senior lawmaker say japan can arm itself with nuclear weapon overnight .
the japanese government state on april 8 , 2002 its policy of hold no nuclear warhead .
this be after a senior lawmaker say japan can arm itself with nuclear weapon overnight .
chief cabinet secretary yasuo fukuda tell a press conference that it have be japan 's policy since world war ii to not hold any nuclear weapon .
fukuda say that there will be no change in japan adherence to the policy and that japan wish all nuclear weapon would disappear from the world .
a speech by opposition liberal party chief ichiro ozawa tell a chinese intelligence official that japanese people will get hysterical if china continue to build its military strength .
ozawa say it would be easy for japan to produce nuclear warhead and that japan can produce thousand of nuclear warhead overnight .
ozawa state that japan could have enough plutonium at nuclear power plant for 3000 or 4000 round .
ozawa be a renowned advocate of strong arm force .
ozawa say that if japan rise to the occasion then japan will never be beat even in term of military power .
ozawa want a fully democratic china and an environment in which china and japan can co @-@ exist .
greenpeace international say ozawa 's comment confirm the threat pose by japan 's massive plutonium program .
shaun bernie of greenpeace international say ozawa be right to state the potential of japan to use its so @-@ call peaceful plutonium program for nuclear weapon purpose .
bernie say ozawa have expose the myth of japan be a peaceful energy program for a resource poor country .
bernie say ozawa 's statement may actually serve an important role in force the scale of japan 's plutonium program and the threat of confrontation in northeast asia on to the international agenda .
2002 @-@ 04 @-@ 08
russian federation ( ru ) ; brazil ( br )
international ; weapon ; space
brazilian defense minister in moscow for cooperation talk with government official and lead member of russia 's military @-@ industrial complex .
emphasized in the discussion be arm sale and extend cooperation in the space sector .
brazilian embassy official state that on 8 april 2002 brazilian defense minister geraldo da cruz quintao begin a week @-@ long series of meeting in moscow with russian official during which he be to meet russian defense minister sergei ivanov .
quintao meet head of the arm export company rosoboronexport andrei belyaninov .
a spokesman for rosoboronexport be quote by the interfax news agency as state that quintao met belyaninov to discuss cooperation in various area in addition to the preparation of specific contract for russian arm sale to brazil .
the spokesman for rosoboronexport state that the discuss cooperation be mark by an emphasis on the space sector .
the brazilian embassy state that quintao be also to meet lead member of russia 's military @-@ industrial complex .
after meet ivanov on 9 april 2002 quintao will travel to saint petersburg where he will spend the rest of the week .
during a visit in january 2002 by brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso and a delegation of 70 people the russian government state that it anticipate sale of its su @-@ 27 and mig @-@ 29 fighter to brazil along with s @-@ 300 anti @-@ missile battery .
brazil be know to be interested in extend its cooperation with russia in the space sector and have offer russia the use of a platform in the north of the country for satellite launch .
2002 @-@ 04 @-@ 08
unite kingdom ( gb )
international ; government ; weapon ; media ; technology ; terrorism ; proliferation
declassify british ministry of defense document explain how britain make its first nuclear bomb .
critic state that with access to plutonium available from rogue state terrorist could consult the detailed document and build an atomic bomb .
the daily telegraph report on 08 april 2002 that declassify british ministry of defense document explain how to make an atomic bomb .
the daily telegraph report that the document become public domain over the past 5 year .
the declassify document be available to the public and could therefore be consult by terrorist .
the daily telegraph report that the document give detail of the manufacture of britain 's first nuclear bomb at the end of the 1940 s and start of the 1950 s .
the declassify document provide a list of the ingredient for such a weapon include the amount of plutonium necessary and how to spark off a chain reaction .
britain 's first nuclear bomb be call blue danube .
former engineer who work on britain 's military nuclear program brian burnell state that the instruction could enable a terrorist to construct a rudimentary atomic bomb .
the telegraph report that the principle challenge would be obtain the necessary plutonium but that several outlaw state like iraq might possess plutonium .
terror organization like al @-@ qaeda have try to obtain plutonium .
burnell be quote as state that the document should never have be declassify and after the event of 11 september 2001 there be a case for remove them from public access .
the telegraph state that opposition conservative party defense spokesman bernard jenkin immediately call for explanation from the labour government call the document a monstrous free gift to terrorist .
2002 @-@ 04 @-@ 16
tajikistan ( tj ) ; afghanistan ( af )
international ; narcotic
the number of heroin addict in tajikistan have vastly increase over the past five year due to drug traffic between afghanistan and russia and europe .
the number of heroin addict in tajikistan have vastly increase over the past five year due to drug traffic between afghanistan and europe .
the majority of the heroin be grow in neighboring afghanistan .
afghanistan be the world 's top opium producer .
tajikistan share a 1300 @-@ kilometer ( 800 @-@ mile ) border with afghanistan and have become a transit point for heroin be traffic into russia and europe .
in 2001 the russian army and tajik police confiscate nearly 9 ton of drug and arrest more than 2000 people .
the russian army guard tajikistan 's border with afghanistan .
the majority of tajikistan 's heroin addict live in city and be age between 18 and 25 .
75 percent of tajikistan 's population life in rural area , where heroin addict be frequently ostracize .
head of a public drug clinic in dushanbe , tajikistan andrei onishchenko , state --
there be 5000 heroin addict officially register in tajikistan , compare with 57 in 1997 .
the actual figure be seven time greater than the official number .
the low cost and availability of heroin be among the cause of the addiction problem .
one dose of heroin cost less than a dollar in tajikistan , which be less than the price of a bottle of the local vodka .
an addict who have be use heroin for 2 year need to use 3 gram of heroin every 24 hour .
3 gram of heroin cost 70 somonis or 30 dollar .
an addict be willing to commit any crime to pay for heroin .
afghan heroin be the strongest in the world because it be make from poppy cultivate at high altitude and therefore subject to high dose of ultra @-@ violet light .
a person who take a daily dose of afghan heroin have a life expectancy of between 5 and 7 year and many commit suicide before that .
the tajik state pay 25 dirams ( a few cent ) per day for every person in the rehabilitation clinic .
the percentage of relapse be very high due to the lack of followup treatment and unemployment among young people .
head of a tajik government agency that fight drug traffic avaz yuldachev state that heroin user be ill and need treatment .
anvar , a 14 @-@ year @-@ old boy from dushanbe , use heroin for three year before be hospitalize in onishchenko 's drug clinic .
anvar say --
he sniff a white substance he find in his backyard and be unable to stop .
he stop go to school .
he steal from the local market to get money for more heroin .
drug trafficker face the death penalty under tajik law .
tajikistan have 6.2 million inhabitant .
2002 @-@ 04 @-@ 22
thailand ( th )
international ; economy ; business
southeast asian nation be collaborate with the european union in the european commission @-@ asean intellectual right cooperation program in order to strengthen intellectual property right in southeast asia with the goal of strengthen business and investor confidence .
european union official state on april 22 , 2002 that southeast asians would boost their trade and investment prospect by introduce strict intellectual property right .
european union officer and the association of southeast asian nation start negotiate how to strengthen intellectual property right .
the negotiation begin with a two @-@ day workshop in bangkok on april 22 , 2002 .
the negotiation be organize under the new european commission @-@ asean intellectual property right cooperation program .
head of the delegation of the european commission in bangkok klauspeter schmallenbach state that the ability to comply with intellectual property right rule would help develop nation take part in global trade .
klauspeter schmallenbach state intellectual property right form one of the basic pillar upon which business and investor confidence be based .
klauspeter schmallenbach also state that the intellectual property right for essential for any country 's economic development .
klauspeter schmallenbach state that intellectual property right may help boost european investment in southeast asia to pre @-@ crisis level .
european patent office president ingo kober say that it be vital that southeast asian nation introduce proper legal and technical infrastructure to defend trademark .
ingo kober state that intellectual property right be currently develop in southeast asian nation .
ingo kober state there be larger interest in intellectual property right now than 20 or 30 year ago .
ingo kober state that some nation have stronger intellectual property right than others .
ingo kober also state that one should not tell the country that be lag in intellectual property right that they be lag in intellectual property right .
director general of thailand 's department of intellectual property yanyong phuangranch state that southeast asian nation have to work together to ensure trademark be protect .
the european commission @-@ asean intellectual property right cooperation program foster trade , investment and technology transfer between the european union and southeast asian nation .
klauspeter schmallenbach state that the european commission @-@ asean intellectual property right cooperation program would help southeast asian nation draw on european expertise in how to protect and enforce intellectual property right in compliance with world trade organization rule .
50 expert in intellectual property right attend the european commission @-@ asean intellectual property right cooperation program .
ingo kober state that the european commission @-@ asean intellectual property right cooperation program be further proof of the grow importance of intellectual property right protection to world trade .
ingo kober also state that the european commission @-@ asean intellectual property right cooperation program mark the latest stage in a successful initiative to develop effective system for protect patent , trademark , design , and copyright in the region .
2002 @-@ 04 @-@ 23
republic of korea ( kr ) ; unite state ( us )
international ; military ; business
boeing corporation will provide 40 f @-@ 15 k jet to the republic of korea and promise to meet an offset trade level of 70 percent .
boeing corporation promise on april 23 , 2002 to fulfill more spin @-@ off order for company locate in the republic of korea .
the purpose of this promise be to allow boeing corporation to win a multi @-@ billion dollar fighter jet contract .
boeing corporation be require to supply 40 f @-@ 15 k jet to the republic of korea by 2009 .
boeing corporation vice president and general manager michael mark state that the government of the republic of korea decide wisely by pick the f @-@ 15 k instead of the rafale make by french firm dassault aviation sa .
the final sale price , spin @-@ off trade , and technology transfer condition will be decide in a future negotiation .
the republic of korea state that it will argue to decrease the price from an estimate 4.4 billion dollar .
boeing corporation have not yet satisfy a defense ministry demand that spin @-@ off deal with other firm based in the republic of korea meet 70 percent of the total cost .
the unite state initially make a pledge of approximately 2.9 billion dollar , represent 65 % of the total cost , to local contractor .
vice president of boeing corporation joseph song state that the 70 percent offset trade level will be meet .
song also state a level of 80 percent be possible .
dassault aviation sa be try to overturn the selection of the f @-@ 15 k through legal action because it state the rafale be more modern and cheaper .
boeing vice president for communication douglas kennett state disappointment by dassault 's legal action .
kennett also state that dassault should respect the defense ministry decision .
boeing corporation be an aerospace company based in the unite state .
2002 @-@ 04 @-@ 23
cambodia ( kh ) ; vietnam ( vn )
international ; narcotic
cambodia and vietnam finalize an agreement to stop asian and european drug trafficker .
they will focus on the import of cheap chemical drug make in thailand .
on april 23 , 2002 cambodia and vietnam finalize an agreement to stop asian and european drug trafficker .
they will focus on the import of cheap chemical drug make in thailand .
deputy secretary general of cambodia 's narcotic authority lour ramin say cambodian and vietnamese official have arrest asian national and europeans who be attempt to trade heroin through cambodia into vietnam .
ramin say the narcotic authority will continue to combat and reduce illegal drug traffic .
drug consumption among cambodian adolescent have increase .
ecstasy and other drug be accessible at nightclub in the capital at a low cost .
cambodia and vietnam agree to share intelligence , cooperate between agent and create border liaison office in a two @-@ day meet to be hold later this week .
ramin state that there be an agreement to construct cross @-@ border liaison office in both country to combat current drug traffic .
the agreement include exchange of experience in organize treatment and rehabilitation for drug addict .
it would also be use to combat people smuggle between cambodia and vietnam .
vietnamese police detain two women on suspicion of human traffic and smuggle vietnamese virgin to cambodian brothel .
they be less than 350 dollar each .
cambodia have for many year be use as a transit point for heroin and opium traffic .
the government maintain it have adopt strict policy to fight the illegal trade of narcotic .
2002 @-@ 05 @-@ 17
malaysia ( my )
international ; government ; terrorism ; crime
senior official from the 10 @-@ member association of southeast asian nation ( asean ) draw up a joint draft statement to be adopt by security minister next week .
the statement state that closer cooperation amongst the nation be need to counter terrorism .
17 may 2002 -- in a draft statement the association of southeast asian nation ( asean ) agree closer cooperation be need to counter terrorism and transnational crime .
the statement will be adopt by security minister next week .
an anonymous asean senior official state --
the asean minister ' joint statement address the need for closer cooperation .
proceed from organize crime syndicate often fund terrorist activity .
asean have a plan to counter terrorism together .
the plan will be implement within 3 month .
the meet have be fruitful .
the draft statement state --
asean minister be concern about the link between transnational crime and terrorism .
the link between transnational crime and terrorism lend greater urgency to asean 's effort to combat transnational crime .
asean senior official agree on the draft after 2 day of intense discussion .
the draft will be submit to asean 's respective minister to discuss and adopt .
from 19 may 2002 the interior minister of the asean country will meet for 2 day in kuala lumpur .
the work program include an exchange of information and development of multilateral or bilateral legal arrangement to facilitate apprehension .
asean official agree to enhance cooperation and coordination in law enforcement and intelligence share .
asean official agree to develop regional train programs .
asean official hold an expert group meet in january 2002 in bali , indonesia .
the expert group meet in bali produce a work program that be discuss and finalize by the asean senior official who have be meet in kuala lumpur since 16 may 2002 .
the association of southeast asian nation have 10 member country .
2002 @-@ 05 @-@ 17
myanmar ( mm ) ; thailand ( th ) ; lao people 's democratic republic ( la )
international ; narcotic ; politics
myanmar be the world 's largest producer of illegal opium but have limit financial and technical resource for end the drug trade .
myanmar have ask the association of southeast asian nation and the international community to assist in these effort .
myanmar propose a ministerial meet with thailand and laos to discuss effective way to end drug traffic .
myanmar propose talk to be hold in june 2002 or july 2002 .
accord to the us state department anti @-@ narcotic report publish earlier in 2002 --
follow the destruction of poppy field in afghanistan , myanmar have become the world 's largest producer of illegal opium .
myanmar be the primary source of amphetamine @-@ type stimulant in asia .
director of myanmar 's international relation department colonel sit aye address reporter at a two @-@ day meet of senior official from the association of southeast asian nation ( asean ) .
aye announce --
myanmar , thailand and laos must cooperate to effectively end the drug trade .
myanmar do not yet have confirmation from thailand and laos .
myanmar have difficulty end drug @-@ plant activity due to lack of fund and technical expertise .
the majority of poppy grow in myanmar take place in a remote , mountainous area along the border of china and thailand .
asean and the rest of the international community be responsible to help fight drug production and traffic .
myanmar be optimistic that drug plant in the country would be eradicate with the introduction of alternate cash crop plant in april and tough police .
fear that drug money be be use to finance terror group be unfounded .
asean member be brunei , cambodia , indonesia , laos , malaysia , myanmar , philippines , singapore , thailand and vietnam .
myanmar , thailand and laos be know as the golden triangle country .
2002 @-@ 05 @-@ 18
iran , islamic republic of ( ir ): pakistan ( pk ) ; afghanistan ( af )
international ; economy ; politics
at a un @-@ sponsor conference iran and pakistan pledge to assist neighboring afghanistan by increase private sector activity .
on 18 may 2002 at a un @-@ sponsor conference iran and pakistan pledge economic assistance to afghanistan .
afghanistan neighbors iran and pakistan .
iran and pakistan plan to increase private sector activity with afghanistan .
iranian finance and economy minister tahmaseb mazaheri announce --
increase afghanistan 's trade with iran and pakistan will reinstate afghanistan 's economy after 23 year of war .
key sector of cooperation between iran and afghanistan include oil and petro @-@ chemical industry , build and road construction , agricultural machinery and manufacture .
iran , pakistan and afghanistan must collaborate to end the illegal opium trade .
pakistani finance and economy minister shaukat aziz announce --
pakistan be eager to cooperate with afghanistan in international and regional effort .
pakistan have take step to facilitate movement of people and goods between pakistan and afghanistan for economic reconstruction .
key sector of cooperation between pakistan and afghanistan include agriculture , rural development , civil aviation , finance and bank , engineer service , judicial and legal service and the establishment of small and medium @-@ size firm .
pakistan will offer college place for teacher , doctor , nurse and paramedics .
pakistani trade with afghanistan have increase since the war end .
pakistan expect private sector activity between iran and afghanistan to further develop peace .
deputy head of afghanistan 's interim government and minister of finance hedayat amin @-@ arsala state --
afghanistan expect private sector activity to aid afghanistan 's reconstruction .
afghanistan be prepare liberal economic legislation that will facilitate foreign trade and private sector activity .
afghanistan seek political stability , economic development and a legislative and institutional base .
afghanistan plan to serve as a bridge between central asia and southeast asia and seek help from the economic cooperation organization .
iranian foreign minister kamal kharazi state the meet must reinforce the friendship and speed up regional cooperation between iran , pakistan and afghanistan .
speaker address opium production and traffic in afghanistan .
opium crop be suppress by the later rule of the taliban .
opium have reemerged since a us @-@ lead military alliance topple the taliban in december 2001 .
afghan interim government head hamid karzai and the international community promote a crop substitution program for farmer .
head of unite nation development program mark malloch brown announce concern about afghan interim government head hamid karzai 's ability to police the drug trade .
he state --
afghanistan be in a state of flux .
afghanistan have security problem .
iran and pakistan have long fight over afghanistan .
the taliban rule afghanistan from 1996 @-@ 2001 .
pakistan back the depose taliban .
iran fund afghanistan 's rebel northern alliance .
the northern alliance play a major roll in unseat the taliban .
together iran and pakistan have host more than 3 million afghan refugee during year of civil war .
afghan refugee be now start to return to afghanistan after civil war .
deputy head of afghanistan interim government hedayat amin @-@ arsala visit tehran for the first time .
member of the economic cooperation organization include the central asian country and turkey .
2002 @-@ 05 @-@ 21
viet nam ( vn ) ; taiwan ( tw )
international ; narcotic ; crime
taiwan national execute in vietnam for drug manufacture and traffic .
police in the strict communist country discover his methamphetamine manufacture plant disguise as a soap factory and sentence him to death in 1997 .
on 22 may 2002 official state that taiwan national chen chi tien be execute by fire squad in vietnam 's 8 th execution of a foreigner .
chen be sentence to death in 1997 for the illegal manufacture of methamphetamines disguise as a soap manufacture plant .
court official in the commercial capital state that chen be execute in ho chi minh city on 21 may 2002 .
the businessman be arrest with several vietnamese accomplice in 1995 after 170 kilogram ( 375 pound ) of methamphethamine chlorohydrate be find store in the downtown soap factory chen have establish in 1994 .
police establish that chen have already export at least 4 shipment of the drug before his illegal manufacture operation be discover .
chen traveled to vietnam regularly since 1992 .
the crystalline amphetamine derivative be smokable and have a very large illegal market in east asia .
the drug be also know as ice or shabu .
vietnam have execute 1 western national to date .
the western national execute be a vietnamese @-@ canadian woman whose execution in 2000 cause a diplomatic controversy with canada .
the other foreigner execute be asians .
1 hong kong national be execute in 1995 and 2 in 1998 .
lao national be execute in 1999 and 2000 .
a singaporean be execute in 1999 .
more foreign national receive the death penalty from the court but most have their sentence commute on appeal .
3 australian national of vietnamese origin be currently await trial on drug charge which carry the death penalty .
vietnam 's communist authority impose the death penalty for a total of 29 different offenses include murder , treason , sexual offenses against children , serious case of arm robbery , various economic crime and drug traffic .
drug traffic result in 55 death sentence in 2001 , 85 in 2000 and 76 in 1999 .
under vietnam 's strict drug law anyone find in possession of 300 gram ( 10 ounce ) or more of heroin or 10 kilogram ( 22 pound ) or more of opium be consider guilty of traffic .
2002 @-@ 06 @-@ 10
myanmar ( mm )
narcotic ; media
afp , member of international and local press , and unite nation representative and diplomat witness myanmar destroy illicit drug the authority capture .
junta spokesman colonel hla min state that myanmar become poor because of their try to be so clean .
min take picture of million of dollar worth of poppy seed , refine drug and precursor chemical curl up in smoke .
afp , member of international and local press , and unite nation representative and diplomat witness myanmar destroy illicit drug the authority capture .
min say myanmar would be one of the richest country in the region if they be as corrupt as outsider claim .
hla min state that illicit drug worth some 50 billion dollar have be destroy by authority since 1974 .
min say it be enough to pay myanmar 's national debt ten time over .
drug @-@ burn ceremony be regular event in myanmar .
critic argue that it do not reflect the massive drug industry in the country .
resident representative of the un 's drug control program ( undcp ) jean @-@ luc lemahieu say this one be different .
almost 102 ton of poppy seed be burn in the capital of myanmar 's northern shan state at this ceremony .
the ceremony also include 249 kilogram of opium , 102 kilogram of morphine powder , three kilogram of solid morphine and various precursor chemical .
lemahieu say that this ceremony have less process opium and heroin than opium seed .
it make it more symbolic and indicate the willingness of those directly involve to eliminate the opium .
the destruction form part of the central committee for drug abuse control 's project new destiny .
it aim to prevent poppy cultivation by distribute seed for substitution crop .
farmer have be ask to grow seven kind of alternative crop across 21,969 acre ( 8,891 hectare ) of land instead of opium .
global narcotic authority declare myanmar the world 's largest producer of opium in 2001 .
they account for as much as 60 percent of global supply .
myanmar beat afghanistan because the taliban militia 's enforce ban on opium poppy decrease afghan production by 90 percent .
critic say the myanmar regime overlook much of the production and traffic in drug by ethnic insurgent group .
in particular the largest arm drug militia in the world the unite wa state army .
myanmar 's home minister colonel tin hlaing say the success of project new destiny be evidence by the ton of poppy seed that have be turn in rather than seize .
hlaing state his confidence in the drug scourge that threaten the world will not find a place in myanmar if the local population be commit to this sort of cooperation .
lauk kai be one of the regime 's showpiece for its previous crop substitution programs .
it have expanse of rubber tree , fruit orchard and paddy where poppy use to thrive .
the poppy yield the raw ingredient for heroin .
lauk kai be locate in the infamous golden triangle .
reform drug lord and leader of the kokang phone kyar shin pledge commitment to the government program .
the kokang comprise the majority of the population in myanmar .
phone kyar shin predict that start today there will be no destruction ceremony in the future because no more poppy will be grow .
phone kyar shin say this at another ceremony that destroy more than 12 ton of poppy seed .
phone kyar shin appeal for help from the international community .
the international community be reluctant to give help .
phone kyar shin request the distinguish guest to understand myanmar 's situation more and give practical advice and support .
undcp 's lemahieu when ask by afp what impact project new destiny have on the international community hope it would have a positive impact and that some additional fund would come forward .
lemahieu say so much depends on the political situation in this country .
there be hope for further political change follow the may 6 release of pro @-@ democracy leader aung san suu kyi from 19 month house arrest .
the regime seek the unite state approval for the project .
its global announcement come via the regime 's newly @-@ appoint public relation firm in washington .
the us charge d'affaires priscilla clapp say maybe because it have to be a multi @-@ faceted , sustain effort for it to work and that there should be measurable result .
2002 @-@ 06 @-@ 21
russia ( ru ) ; iran ( ir )
international ; government ; weapon ; technology ; proliferation
ecological organization greenpeace state on june 21 , 2002 that russia help iran to develop nuclear weapon by build iran 's bushehr atomic power station .
the russian branch of greenpeace distribute a report at a press conference of russia 's atomic energy ministry .
the ministry concede that the russo @-@ iranian accord on the plant 's construction do not require the repatriation of the nuclear fuel .
the report state that the recycle of nuclear fuel from bushehr be not mention in the accord between the russian and iranian government on the construction of the plant .
greenpeace member vladimir chuprov say the ministry have practically admit that iran will not return to russia the spent nuclear fuel from the power station and russia 's only use for iran be to equip itself with nuclear weapon .
the atomic energy ministry confirm the report 's existence and strongly deny greenpeace 's accusation .
ministry spokesman nikolai shingarev tell afp that russia would only supply nuclear fuel to iran on condition that it be return to russia after its use .
shingarev say russia be currently in negotiation with iran .
this issue will be settle before the power station come into operation .
shingarev say the accord on bushehr be sign before russia pass a law permit the import of nuclear waste last year .
this explain why the accord make no mention of the return of the fuel .
shingarev say it be very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel .
the unite state and israel fear that the russian @-@ iranian nuclear cooperation could enable tehran to acquire the technology need to build nuclear weapon .
russia dismiss this accusation .
iran order the power station in 1994 at a cost of nearly 800 million dollar ( 860 million euros ) from russia .
iran have say the plant be be build only for civilian energy purpose and allow regular inspection of bushehr by the international atomic energy agency .
expert say bushehr could in theory become operational as early as september 2003 .
currently it be equip with a single reactor .
german group siemens pull out of the long @-@ stand project at the request of the german government after iran 's 1979 islamic revolution .
us president george w. bush raise the us 's concern about russian nuclear cooperation with iran at the summit in moscow last month between bush and his russian counterpart vladimir putin .
2002 @-@ 06 @-@ 26
myanmar ( mm ) ; cambodia ( kh ) ; afghanistan ( af ) ; china ( cn ) ; indonesia ( id ) ; thailand ( th )
narcotic ; crime ; international
asian country participate in unite nation international day against drug abuse and illicit traffic on 26 june 2002 by execute drug trafficker and burn narcotic worth 1 billion u.s. dollar .
participate country adopt tough position in order to demonstrate commitment to eradicate the problem .
the china news service report that on 25 june 2002 14 people be sentence to death in chengdu , china and that 9 of those sentence be immediately take to the execution ground and shoot .
the china news service report state that in recent year in chengdu the number of drug crime have increase .
the report state that the drug situation in chengdu be become serious as drug criminal be establish connection with criminal outside the province .
chengdu be the capital of the southwest sichuan province .
at least 36 more drug criminal have be report execute in china in the past week to mark world anti @-@ drug day .
in total china execute at least 50 drug criminal as part of the observance .
indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri adopt a strict position call for the death sentence for drug trafficker .
megawati state --
life sentence and other prison sentence be no longer sufficient for those who distribute drug .
no sentence be sufficient other than the death sentence .
the military junta of myanmar burn narcotic it say be worth more than 1 billion u.s. dollar in its latest attempt to convince critic it be commit to eradicate their drug problem .
the junta accompany by military pageant ignite an incinerator into which worker shoveled bag of heroin brick and amphetamine .
myanmar 's top ruler senior general than shwe and international diplomat attend the burn ceremony in yangon .
3027 kilogram ( 6650 pound ) of opium , 240 kilogram of heroin , 434 kilogram of marijuana , 34.9 million amphetamine tablet , 4 million ephedrine tablet and 2865 kilogram of powder ephedrine be burn .
myanmar anti @-@ drug official brigadier @-@ general zaw win state in a speech before the burn that the myanmar government be aware of the serious threat that drug pose and consider it a national duty to do all it can to eradicate the problem .
u.s. drug enforcement agency official help conduct spot check to verify the destruction .
myanmar be the world 's largest producer of illicit opium accord to the latest u.s. state department anti @-@ narcotic report .
myanmar be also the primary source of amphetamine @-@ type stimulant in asia .
critic claim narcotic trade finance myanmar 's military government but the government state it be do all it can to restrict drug trade and want more international help to do so .
in thailand princess ubolratana preside over the burn of more than 870 ton of seized drug .
health minister sudarat keyuraphan report to princess ubolratana that the event be meant to demonstrate the government 's strong determination to eradicate the drug problem .
in kabul on 25 june 2002 the head of the unite nation drug control program ( undcp ) bernard frahi state --
war @-@ torn afghanistan continue to be the top supplier of heroin to europe and the producer of almost all the opiate consume in central asia .
afghanistan be the source of approximately 70 to 90 per cent of the heroin find in european market .
no country be immune from the issue of drug @-@ abuse .
newly @-@ elect president of afghanistan hamid karzai have vow to eradicate poppy cultivation from afghanistan .
in cambodia several hundred people marched through the capital phnom penh to appeal for an end to grow drug use .
unite nation office for drug control and crime prevention official bengt juhlin state that people be unite this day to demonstrate to the world a commitment to fight drug abuse .
juhlin state that cambodia 's past reputation as 1 of the few southeast asian country without a drug problem be no long accurate as drug abuse in the country be rapidly increase .
2002 @-@ 06 @-@ 29
india ( in )
international ; military ; war and conflict ; weapon ; technology
indian government test russian rocket amid effort to increase defense against possible pakistani attack .
indian defense ministry have increase spend on defense purchase .
on 29 june 2009 indian government test @-@ fire the multiple @-@ role russian @-@ make rocket system know as smerch from a missile test range in the eastern state of orissa .
official say a contingent of russian military expert be also at the site of the launch .
one ministry official state the smart rocket have a maximum range of 90 kilometers ( 56 mile ) and be capable of striking target in the air or on land .
indian government have develop an array of guide and ballistic missile and be reportedly experiment with a maritime cruise missile that can carry nuclear warhead .
indian defense secretary yogendra narain state --
there be a missile threat to india .
indian government be give top priority to a system for missile defense .
indian government be simultaneously upgrade land and air surveillance system .
indian defense ministry have increase defense spend for new purchase by 33 percent .
there have be a sharp increase in indian defense ministry 's purchase of military hardware include night vision device , unman aerial vehicle and other anti @-@ terrorism device .
narain also state the indian defense ministry have seek government approval to allow the ministry to carry forward unutilized military budgetary allocation from 1 fiscal year to another .
narain state that carry forward the military budget be a long @-@ stand convention in france and italy .
the defense ministry have be criticize for not utilize fund make available every year for acquisition of latest equipment include the missile defense shield .
the hindu newspaper state indian government have already acquire an early warn system to counter the threat of a missile attack by pakistani government .
narain state on 28 june 2002 that indian government have already acquire israeli green pine radars that be capable of simultaneously track several in @-@ flight missile .
the hindustan time daily report that india have petition israeli government to allow the government of new delhi to either buy or borrow the israeli government 's new ofek @-@ 5 spy satellite and acquire israel 's arrow anti @-@ missile system .
the time report that israeli government reject both request and that israeli government state the ofek @-@ 5 could not be move from the satellite 's iran @-@ syria @-@ iraq trajectory and the arrow be still be develop .
the time also report that israeli defense ministry 's director general amos yaron visit new delhi twice last month in response to the indian defense ministry 's request .
narain do not reveal name of country india be negotiate with to acquire the missile shield .
on 28 june 2002 narain state that new delhi be discuss the issue with the unite state .
indian government 's attempt to upgrade system to counter missile attack occur as indian and pakistani government have place about 1 million troop on india @-@ pakistan border since december 2001 .
in may 2001 pakistan test @-@ fire 3 missile capable of carry nuclear warhead .
since independence from british rule in 1947 indian and pakistani government have fight 2 of 3 war over kashmir .
indian and pakistani government nearly engage in a fourth conflict in 1999 .
indian and pakistani government each conduct nuclear test in may 1998 .
2002 @-@ 07 @-@ 23
malaysia ( my ) ; indonesia ( id ) ; philippines ( ph )
international ; terrorism ; government ; politics
malaysia propose expansion of anti @-@ terrorism pact with indonesia and the philippines to entire asean .
terrorism be expand across southeast asia .
the malaysian government propose the expansion of an anti @-@ terrorism pact with indonesia and the philippines to encompass the remainder of southeast asia .
malaysian foreign minister syed hamid albar state that other member of the association of southeast asian nation ( asean ) will be encourage to accede to the pact at talk next week with asean foreign minister in brunei .
syed hamid state that thailand , laos and singapore have express interest in join the pact .
malaysian defense analyst dzirhan mahadzir state --
cooperation by poor country may be stymie by financial constraint and a perception that terrorism do not directly affect these country .
an asean pact be beneficial in the long @-@ term but will be difficult to implement because national security issue and interstate rivalry may make some of asean 's 10 member wary to divulge information .
asean must agree on a definition of terrorism to identify the common enemy .
20020500 senior asean member malaysia , indonesia and the philippines sign an anti @-@ terror security pact intend to initiate the eradication of terrorism from the region .
the 3 country share sea border frequently used by pirate and criminal in evade pursue troop .
the pact include plan to trace and freeze terror fund and exchange information to curb cross @-@ border piracy , drug traffic , illegal entry and illegal traffic of women and children .
syed hamid state that after 20010911 country should exchange information that may affect transnational crime such as fund of terrorist that may be keep in other country or third party information to combat the greater threat of international terrorism .
mushahid ali of the singapore @-@ based institute of defense and strategic study state --
the trilateral pact between malaysia , indonesia and the philippines constitute a constructive first step .
indonesia and other asean member must more proactively monitor terrorist activity and establish a concrete mechanism among national agency for the protracted conflict .
20020500 asean security minister at a meet in kuala lumpur fail to agree on a definition of terrorism but agree to increase cooperation among state enforcement agency and endorse the use of detention without trial for suspect militant in malaysia and singapore .
objection be raise concern malaysia 's proposal to include state terrorism in the definition .
dzirhan state --
the agreement among malaysia , indonesia and the philippines may have be aim at ingratiate the country to the us rather than combating terrorism .
since the pact be sign no progress have occur .
the creation of a formalized security structure in combating terror will be decelerate by the asean 's model of act on consensus .
official state that after the meet in brunei 20020728 @-@ 20020801 asean and its major western trade partner be expect to demand freeze of terror fund and stronger counter @-@ terrorism cooperation .
dozen of suspect terrorist allegedly link to al @-@ qaeda in malaysia , singapore and the philippines have reveal the existence of a regional islamic militant group call the jemaah islamiyah , which also operate in indonesia .
southeast asia be now suspect as a potential new haven for al @-@ qaeda operative escape us and ally attack in afghanistan and elsewhere .
2002 @-@ 10 @-@ 15
vietnam ( vn )
international ; telecom ; dissent ; government
vietnam announce that all vietnam @-@ based websites will require a license to operate in vietnam in order to control the dissemination of reactionary or pornographic material online .
on 021015 official state that all vietnam @-@ based websites will require a license to operate in vietnam in new vietnamese government effort to control the dissemination of reactionary or pornographic material online .
do quy doan state to agence france @-@ presse that the newly @-@ impose website license rule seek to prevent harmful information from threaten vietnamese culture and national security .
do quy doan be a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information .
do quy doan state that the vietnamese ministry of culture and information will take 30 day to license eligible websites that do not include pornographic material , information that harm the national security or encourage violence and anti @-@ government activity .
diplomatic , foreign and press institution must obtain permission from the vietnamese foreign affair ministry before apply for license permit them to distribute content online in vietnam .
do quy doan state that any vietnam @-@ based website must clearly display the website license number and date on its homepage .
writer and intellectual in vietnam have increasingly employ the internet to distribute news or opinion ban from the tightly @-@ control vietnamese state press .
the number of internet user in vietnam be rapidly increase and could reach 5 percent of its 79 million resident by 050000 .
as of 020600 there be only 175000 register internet user in vietnam .
register internet user in vietnam increase by 30 percent from 010000 to 020600 .
most vietnamese gain internet access via the vietnam 's 4,000 @-@ plus internet cafe .
it be estimate that the number of people with online access in vietnam may be as many as 1 million .
2002 @-@ 10 @-@ 18
iraq ( iq )
proliferation ; international
atomic energy agency director state it would be difficult for iraq to conceal a nuclear weapon program if international inspector be allow to return .
inspector would perform various test , visit , and interview and their presence alone in the country would be a deterrent .
on 18 october 2002 international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) director mohamed elbaradei state it be unlikely that iraq could conceal a nuclear weapon program if it allow international inspector to return .
elbaradei state that once inspector be work in iraq their presence alone would be a deterrent to develop nuclear weapon .
elbaradei state to reporter at his headquarters in vienna --
it be difficult to conceal a nuclear program if thorough inspection be perform because nuclear product always have a signature .
trace be always visible if highly enrich uranium or plutonium be use .
elbaradei state that inspector would perform environmental sample , gamma radiation survey from helicopter , internal periodic visit to all capable site and interview with all former nuclear scientist to confirm that they be not work in the nuclear program .
elbaradei state that the iaea could not give a 100 percent guarantee but that the presence of inspector would be a good deterrent and a good mechanism for detection .
elbaradei state --
it be necessary to control import to iraq because of the risk that iraq be receive nuclear material from outside the country .
there must be physical protection of all nuclear material particularly in the former soviet union .
there must be strong unanimous support by the un security council to force iraq to comply with iaea inspection .
the iaea must be give as much intelligence information as possible to guide inspector to anything that should be inspect or to any item hidden from inspector .
the security council have be meet in open session to discuss the iraq issue before the vote on condition under which un weapon inspector will return to baghdad to verify iraqi assertion that it do not possess nuclear , chemical or biological weapon .
un weapon inspector depart baghdad in 1998 .
2002 @-@ 11 @-@ 02
bangladesh ( bd )
international ; politics ; government ; leader ; human right ; dissent
bangladesh opposition claim a crime crackdown be carry out by the army be become political witchhunt , and human right group claim fundamental right be be violate .
bangladesh 's main opposition leader sheikh hasina wajed say 021102 that an army crackdown on crime be turn into a political witchhunt and targeting her awami league party .
troop be order into the street more than 2 week ago to eliminate rampant crime but human right group claim fundamental right be be trample .
newspaper and right group put the toll of those who have die in police and military custody at 16 .
official say more than 3400 people have be take into custody since the crackdown begin 021017 .
the government have confirm the death of 12 people due to heart attack .
relative allege some suspect have be torture in custody .
the us government and london @-@ based amnesty international have also express concern about the custodial death .
amnesty urge a prompt and fair investigation by an independent body into the death .
sheikh hasina tell reporter at the airport on her return from a private trip to the unite state and europe that initially it appear to be a neutral anti @-@ crime drive and the opposition awami league party welcome it .
hasina say the crackdown be gradually turn into one to eliminate the opposition .
hasina want the military to arrest real criminal and not violate bangladesh 's constitution and human right because of concern about such violation in the name of anti @-@ crime drive .
sheikh hasina say the military have to operate within the law of the land as no one be above the law .
police say the army hadon 021101 arrest former state minister and awami league lawmaker talukder abdul khaleque in southwestern khulna city soon after he speak at a news conference against the deployment .
the daily star newspaper report that an imam and a local leader of fundamentalist group jamaat @-@ e @-@ islami be also arrest on 021101 in khulna .
former minister and awami league lawmaker sheikh fazlul karim selim and sheikh hasina 's political secretary ex @-@ minister saber hossain chowdhury be arrest 021000 along with independent mp hemayet ullah aurango .
selim , chowdhury and aurango be be detain under the strict 740000 special power act allow detention for 120 day without charge .
sheikh hasina question how 3 of the awami league party 's ex @-@ minister could be terrorist .
hasina be apparently unaware of the claim of the arrest of the jamaat leader when add that it be an open secret that the jamaat @-@ e @-@ islami and the jamaat @-@ e @-@ islami student wing have weapon and wonder why none of the jamaat @-@ e @-@ islami have be arrest so far .
hasina say the awami league party would raise the issue when parliament reconvenes 021114 .
bangladesh 's prime minister khaleda zia 's islamist @-@ ally government include 2 cabinet minister from the jamaat .
zia 's administration deny the drive be politically biased and stress that activist from rule bangladesh nationalist party ( bnp ) have also be detain .
a young bnp activist die 021101 in a hospital after be interrogate by the army .
police say the activist be want in a number of case .
2002 @-@ 11 @-@ 04
russia ( ru )
terrorism ; international ; politics
the russian government hail cooperation of arab country in fight terrorism and say not one arab state back the chechen separatist who be accuse of wage a terrorist campaign .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov and gulf cooperation council ( gcc ) secretary general abdel rahman al @-@ attiya hold talk on 021104 .
russian foreign ministry spokesman alexander yakovenko say afterward that not a single arab country support rebel in chechnya .
yakovenko say the russian government find it inadmissible to link individual state or religion with terrorism or extremism and be grateful to those arab state which be try to cooperate with russian law enforcement agency to cut channel for fund terrorist organization .
the russian government have consistently seek to portray its campaign against a separatist insurgency in chechnya as part of the global war on terrorism and say that rebel group be receive back from the terrorist al @-@ qaeda network and from shadowy islamic radical group based in country such as saudi arabia .
a senior kremlin official say last week that the russian government might ask the gcc state qatar to extradite zelimkhan yandarbiyev .
yandarbiyev be a former chechen vice @-@ president and aide to rebel president aslan maskhadov .
the russian government accuse yandarbiyev of involvement in the 041000 hostage @-@ take in a moscow theater .
russian government spokesman sergei yastrzhembsky say qatar 's response would demonstrate the extent of that country 's willingness to cooperate in the fight against international terrorism .
yakovenko say that stronger tie between russia and the gcc state could play a special role in combating international terrorism .
ivanov say al @-@ attiya 's visit will contribute to increase cooperation between the russian government and the six arab monarchy of the gulf region .
ivanov say the russian government want to strengthen its tie with the gulf country and that these tie have begin to strengthen recently .
ivanovalso say the russian government would like to develop them further and particularly in area of mutual interest .
the russian government have traditionally be close to the arab side in the middle east conflict and have speak strongly against us arm intervention against iraq in the stand @-@ off over disarmament .
yakovenko say that al @-@ attiya 's talk with russian government official 021104 and 021105 be likely to focus on oil issue and note that both the russian government and the gulf country be interested in stable world price .
yakovenko say the main emphasis of the talk will be on russia 's possible involvement in the implementation of regional project run by the council and say that there will be particular emphasis on find peaceful , political and diplomatic way to settle the iraqi issue .
al @-@ attiya also plan to hold talk with economic minister and senior official such as the head of the chamber of commerce yevgeny primakov and the chairman of the russian employer ' association arkady volsky .
2002 @-@ 11 @-@ 10
russian federation ( ru ) ; france ( fr )
international ; politics ; terrorism ; military
the russian foreign minister igor ivanov and defense minister sergei ivanov be to travel to paris to meet the french foreign minister dominique de villepin and defense minister michele alliot @-@ marie
on 021110 the itar @-@ tass news agency state that russian foreign minister igor ivanov and defense minister sergei ivanov be to travel to paris on 021112 to meet the french foreign minister dominique de villepin and defense minister michele alliot @-@ marie .
the itar @-@ tass news agency cite defense ministry source state that the 4 minister will hold the first meet of the franco @-@ russian cooperation council on defense issue on 021115 .
the itar @-@ tass news agency cite defense ministry source state that in the franco @-@ russian cooperation council meet that much attention will be pay to the international fight against terrorism and that the russian minister be plan to brief the french minister on the situation in the breakaway republic of chechnya and on the border with neighboring georgia .
the itar @-@ tass news agency state that the russian minister also plan to discuss nuclear non @-@ proliferation issue and will confirm that the russian government have not breach any international agreement in russia 's cooperation with iran and north korea in the area of nuclear technology and the sale of weapon .
the russian and french minister also plan to discuss the the risk of the militarization of space follow the withdrawal by the unite state from the 720000 anti @-@ ballistic missile treaty .
the russian and french minister be also expect to meet with french president jacques chirac to discuss the work of the franco @-@ russian cooperation council .
french prime minister jean @-@ pierre raffarin be expect to receive the russian prime minister mikhail kassyanov on 021118 in toulouse during the 8 th franco @-@ russian intergovernmental seminar .
it be expect that the 8 th franco @-@ russian intergovernmental seminar will be attend by many minister from both france and russia .
2002 @-@ 11 @-@ 12
tanzania ( tz )
international ; health
tanzanian vice president ali mohamed sheni say on november 12 , 2002 that africa need its own health forum to create research priority to effectively combat disease on the continent .
tanzanian vice president ali mohamed sheni say on november 12 , 2002 that africa need its own health forum to create research priority to effectively combat disease on the continent .
sheni state that africa will find it difficult to influence global research priority in its favor without a forum .
the continent lack resource .
sheni attend a four @-@ day meet to discuss global health at arusha in northern tanzania .
sheni address more than 700 public health specialist from 100 country .
sheni tell delegate at the global forum for health research 's annual meet that less than 10 percent of the global health research budget of 70 billion dollar go to africa .
africa have 90 percent of the global disease .
sheni say the formation of the asian and pacific health research forum and the latin american health research forum be step in the right direction .
global forum for health research chairman richard feachem say it be unfair for poor country to be allocate meager sum of research fund .
feachem say the majority of the poor be get little health research fund compare to the wealthy few .
the global forum for health research be an independent , international foundation fund by the rockefeller foundation , the world health organization , the world bank and the government of canada , denmark , netherlands , norway , sweden and switzerland .
2002 @-@ 12 @-@ 03
china ( cn ) ; unite state ( us )
telecom ; international
new u.s. study claim that one @-@ tenth of internet 's site be block by the chinese government authority use update filter technology .
a wide range of site include a very high percentage of news site and keywords be find to be block .
a u.s. study release on 03 december 2002 state that one @-@ tenth of the internet 's site may be block by chinese authority as part of effort to prevent access to information on dissident , taiwan , tibet and other subject .
the study be conduct by harvard university 's berkman center for internet and society .
the study find that more than 50000 of the approximately 200000 websites test be inaccessible from at least 1 point in china on at least 1 occasion .
use a more narrow definition of block site the study conclude that 18931 websites be be block to chinese web user .
harvard researcher and co @-@ author of the report ben edelman state that it be likely that similar percentage apply to the internet as a whole .
edelman tell afp that it be highly likely that approximately one @-@ tenth of the internet be filter by or recently have be filter by china .
edelman state that there be many different way to measure this effect and therefore hesitate to specify any single proportion .
the latest study be broader than prior survey and give perspective to disparate report about websites that be filter or block by china .
in the report it be conclude that --
china block a range of web content beyond that which be sexually explicit .
1000 s of site provide information about news , health , education , and entertainment be block .
approximately 3284 site from taiwan be block .
the block site also include those of u.s. news organization include abc news and cbs news , the alta vista search engine , and a number of u.s. university .
the researcher find that 100 percent of the top 10 site with keywords tibet , taiwan china , or equality be block .
a large number of other site with keywords such as freedom , democracy and hiv be also block .
the bbc news site be consistently unavailable .
site for cnn , time magazine , u.s. @-@ based public broadcast system , the miami herald , and the philadelphia inquirer be also often block .
the report find that 42 of google 's top 100 result for news be block .
religious site block in china include the asian american baptist church , the atheist network , the catholic civil right league , feng shui , the jewish federation of winnipeg , and the denver zen center .
china have an estimate 45 million internet user .
china have be widely criticize in the west for block websites and for imprison people for view ban site or use the internet for anti @-@ government activity .
the chinese government be believe to routinely block a large number of foreign @-@ based site primarily those feature dissident view or ban group such as the falungong spiritual organization but also certain foreign news site and page show pornography .
a recent report by the u.s. @-@ based rand corporation think tank find that the chinese government now use more technology to filter out objectionable content rather than relying solely on surveillance of user and seizure of equipment as it do in the past .
the rand report release earlier in 2002 found that chinese authority now appear to have more effective technology for filter out undesirable content .
2002 @-@ 12 @-@ 10
europe ; iraq ( iq )
proliferation ; international ; science
a laboratory chief from the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) say on december 10 , 2002 that the un 's nuclear agency could detect even infinitesimal amount of radiation from weapon programs if they exist in sample from iraq .
a laboratory chief from the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) say on december 10 , 2002 that the un 's nuclear agency could detect infinitesimal amount of radiation from weapon programs if they exist in sample from iraq .
david donohue spoke at the iaea laboratory in seibersdorf on the southwest outskirts of vienna .
donohue say the equipment can detect particle down to the picogram ( a millionth of a millionth of a gram ) .
the first sample from iraq be due to arrive to the laboratory this week .
iaea and other un inspector have be take soil , water and air sample since november 27 , 2001 at iraqi site suspect of be use for programs to make weapon of mass destruction .
donohue say sample will be send for corroboration to lab in france , the us , the uk ( britain ) , japan and russia if iaea find any trace of radiation from enriched uranium or plutonium , or any chemical and biological agent .
donohue say it be very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotope without leave a trail .
a trail will be leave even if it 's only ultra @-@ trace .
the iaea be the un agency charge with monitor nuclear activity .
the un monitor , verification and inspection commission ( unmovic ) test for chemical , biological and ballistic missile programs .
unmovic be based in new york .
2002 @-@ 12 @-@ 22
democratic people 's republic of korea ( kp ) ; republic of korea ( kr )
international ; government ; technology ; energy ; weapon
south korea urge north korea to return nuclear reactor to un surveillance .
north korea have violate 1994 shut down by disable surveillance device .
20021222 south korea urge north korea to return the yongbyon nuclear reactor to un surveillance in order to deescalate the nuclear crisis on the korean peninsula .
20021221 the un international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) state that north korea have disable iaea surveillance device by break seal on iaea equipment and block surveillance camera at the country 's 5 megawatt nuclear reactor .
20021221 iaea director general general mohammed elbaradei express regret over north korea 's action .
a south korean foreign ministry official state --
the development be regrettable and will increase tension over north korea 's nuclear weapon program .
japan and the unite state should act jointly with south korea .
the iaea state that elbaradei warn the government of north korea not to take further action that would prevent the iaea from monitor compliance with the 1994 accord with the unite state shut down the reactor .
20041212 north korea state that the country 's plutonium @-@ produce nuclear program would recommence in order to produce energy due to a global embargo on oil shipment .
in 1994 the reactor be freeze under an accord in exchange for 500000 ton of fuel oil annually from the unite state .
the accord additionally form a consortium to build 2 light @-@ water reactor .
international expert state that the yongbyon reactor be use to produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium .
after the 1994 close approximately 8000 spent fuel rod from the reactor be seal in metal casing in cool pond .
20041000 the unite state reveal that north korea have admit to implement a nuclear program based on enriched uranium , a material for nuclear weapon .
2002 @-@ 12 @-@ 23
korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp )
proliferation ; international ; politics
north korea remove un seal at a laboratory suspect of be use to produce weapon @-@ grade material .
this activity further escalate tension in the korean peninsula 's nuclear crisis and ignore international condemnation .
a source close to the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) say late on 021223 the north have start strip the un nuclear regulation group 's seal and monitor equipment from the laboratory at yongbyon .
the lab be suspect of have reprocessed fuel rod for weapon @-@ grade plutonium before its activity be freeze under a 940000 arm control deal with the unite sate .
the source be fully inform of iaea activity in north korea and say the north koreans be cut the seal of the nuclear fuel reprocessing laboratory and could complete it possibly by 021224 .
the move follow similar action 021221 @-@ 021222 at the yongbyon nuclear facility during which the north korean government take control of 1000 s of spent fuel rod that could be use to make nuclear weapon .
the nuclear crisis dominate the first meet between south korean president kim dae @-@ jung and president @-@ elect roh moo @-@ hyun earlier 021223 .
kim and roh be meet for the first time since roh 's election last week and the meet be suppose to focus on smooth over the 030225 transfer of power between the outgo and incoming leader .
the 90 @-@ minute talk instead centered on the north korean government 's latest standoff with the international community .
president kim 's spokeswoman park sun @-@ sook say that kim and roh 's discussion be pin down on international relation which focused on north korea 's nuclear issue .
the south korean government 's frustration with the north korean government be evident in a foreign ministry statement which urge the north korean government to restore the seal and disable monitor camera on the rod .
the statement say that the north korean government take further action to unfreeze its nuclear activity despite repeat warning from the south korean government and the international community and be raise regional tension and amplify international concern over nuclear proliferation .
the unite state respond to that development with swift condemnation .
us state department spokesman louis fintor say the over 8000 spent fuel rod be of particular concern because they can be reprocessed to recover plutonium for nuclear weapon .
us senator richard lugar say the north korean government be create a very dangerous situation , initially for south korea and for japan but ultimately for the unite state .
lugar will head the senate 's foreign relation committee in 030000 .
the unite state have be step up international pressure on the north korean government since 021222 .
deputy us ambassador evans revere meet south korean deputy foreign minister lee tai @-@ sik in seoul on 021223 to discuss countermeasure to be take against the north korean government follow the us and south korean foreign minister ' urgent talk over the phone .
japanese foreign minister yoriko kawaguchi also express the widespread international alarm about the north korean government 's regrettable latest move .
analyst have say north koreans could extract some 25 kilogram ( 55 pound ) of weapon @-@ grade plutonium for at least 3 nuclear weapon from the irradiate rod .
the north korean government say it unfroze its nuclear facility because it be in a desperate energy crisis aggravate by the suspension of fuel oil shipment .
the us government say the spent plutonium have nothing to do with power generation .
the unite state and north korea come close to war over the north korean government 's plutonium program in the early 1990 s .
the confrontation be defuse when the us and north korean government sign the 940000 agree framework .
that accord have be undermine since the north korean government admit in 021000 to run a new , secret and separate program based on enriched uranium .
the us government cut its fuel aid to the north korea in retaliation .
2002 @-@ 12 @-@ 26
north korea ( kp )
proliferation ; international ; politics
north korea be criticize on december 26 , 2002 for move to restart its long @-@ dormant nuclear program .
the un atomic agency say such move be tantamount to nuclear brinkmanship .
north korea be criticize on december 26 , 2002 for move to restart its long @-@ dormant nuclear program .
the un atomic agency say such move be tantamount to nuclear brinkmanship .
south korean president kim dae jung tell official that north korea 's shift of unspent fuel rod into a build house a reactor capable of produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium aggravate an already @-@ tense situation .
kim dae jung and official assemble at an urgent national security meet .
kim dae jung say that north korea move to restart freeze nuclear facility despite the international community 's effort for a peaceful resolution of the nuclear issue .
this further aggravate the situation .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi say the shift of the rod be proactive .
plutonium could be extract for make nuclear warhead within month .
the unite state dismiss the action as nuclear blackmail .
there be strong criticism from the unite nation ' international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) .
begin last week iaea see its monitor equipment disable and seal remove from the nuclear facility that have be dormant since a 1994 accord with the unite state .
iaea director mohamed elbaradei dismiss claim by north korea 's government that it be only act in the wake of an energy crisis in north korea .
elbaradei say that the reprocessing facility at yongbyong be irrelevant to north korea 's ability to produce electricity .
north korea have no current legitimate peaceful use for plutonium give the status of its nuclear fuel cycle .
elbaradei say restarting north korea 's nuclear facility without appropriate safeguard and towards produce plutonium raise serious non @-@ proliferation concern be tantamount to nuclear brinkmanship .
the move of 1,000 unspent rod into the reactor build be the latest action take by the energy @-@ starve north since the apparent collapse of a 1994 accord that froze its nuclear capacity .
the move be confirm by both the un agency and the south korean foreign ministry .
the facility have the capacity for 8,000 rod .
all have be store in a cool pond at yongbyon since the unite state offer north korea annual supply of heavy fuel oil and two new light water nuclear reactor in return for pyongyang 's agreement to freeze its nuclear operation at yongbyon .
the eight @-@ year @-@ old deal have fall apart follow us revelation in october 2002 that north korea have admit to run a separate nuclear program based on enriched uranium technology in violation of the accord .
north korea be bankrupt and on the brink of economic collapse .
it have be push for negotiation with the unite state .
expert say north korea need aid and security guarantee from the unite state to ensure its survival .
throughout the nuclear dispute north korea have say it be ready to sit down and talk with the unite state and even to refreeze its yongbyon program .
president kim have be push the unite state to accept the offer under kim 's sunshine policy of engagement with the north .
president kim have criticize the unite state for previously sidelining south korea in handle north korea and say south korea should take a lead role .
kim be critical of the us handle of the stand @-@ off when eight year ago the unite state and north korea draw back from the brink of war over pyongyang 's plutonium program .
the president have complain that south korea be sidelined during the entire dispute and end up pay a multi @-@ billion dollar bill for the light @-@ water reactor .
kim 's chief security adviser yim sung @-@ joon say the president instruct that north korea should take lead because the north korean nuclear issue be important to the korean peninsula .
this be say in a statement after december 26 , 2002 's meet .
the unite state say it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and have rule out negotiation .
the us pledge not to reward bad behavior .
expert have join the iaea in dismiss the idea that north korea be relaunching the reactor for energy purpose .
director general for international institution at the ministry in seoul chun young @-@ woo say it would produce at its peak enough for one large office build which be a negligible amount .
2002 @-@ 12 @-@ 26
democratic people 's republic of korea ( kp )
international ; government ; technology ; energy ; weapon
expert warn that north korea could produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium from spent fuel rod at re @-@ open nuclear reactor .
exist rod could produce 3 @-@ 6 atomic bomb in 6 @-@ 8 month .
expert state that 8000 spent fuel rod reportedly stockpile by north korea at a nuclear reactor the country be threaten to re @-@ start could be use to produce plutonium for nuclear weapon .
expert state that the rod could produce 3 @-@ 6 atomic bomb in 6 @-@ 8 month .
the iaea state that north korea additionally move 1000 fresh rod into the nuclear reactor as well .
the reactor could produce enough spent rod to construct 1 atomic bomb per year if reactivate .
the experimental nuclear plant in yongbyon be a miniature of electricity @-@ produce nuclear plant in western country but operate on the same principle .
the yongbyon plant produce 5 megawatts .
plant in france produce 1300 megawatts .
the yongbyon plant be 100 km north of the north korean capital pyongyang .
nuclear reactor process --
4 meter fuel rod contain uranium oxide be burn to initiate fission -- the nucleus of the uranium atom be split , release neutron that collide with other atom , create more neutron in a chain reaction .
fission produce immense heat which be apply to water to create steam which drive turbine to generate electricity .
plutonium and other radioactive byproducts of the process accumulate and decrease the effectiveness of the rod until they be spend after 3 @-@ 4 year .
spent rod consisting of highly radioactive plutonium and residual uranium be cool in pool of water for several year to diminish radioactivity and then the plutonium be then recover in nitrate form and convert into oxide .
the recover plutonium can be mix with uranium for reuse in the reactor or use in make nuclear weapon .
nuclear expert state that to make weapon , a high proportion of plutonium 239 ( military grade plutonium , as oppose to the commercial plutonium use in power plant ) must be extract .
2002 @-@ 12 @-@ 26
unite kingdom ( gb )
proliferation ; international ; politics
british official be deeply concern by a warn from the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) concern north korea 's open of the yongbyon facility and possible nuclear intention .
a uk foreign office spokeswoman say thursday that the uk government be deeply concern about the latest revelation in a warn by the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) concern north korea 's possible nuclear intention .
the comment come after the iaea accuse the north korean government of nuclear brinkmanship and say the north korean government have begin work to reactivate the yongbyon reactor in breach of a 940000 agreement with the unite state government .
the uk foreign ministry spokeswoman say the uk government be in regular contact with international partner about the implication of the latest development and be commit to combat the proliferation of weapon of mass destruction wherever it may occur .
the spokeswoman add that the north korean government must comply with international obligation and eliminate nuclear weapon .
the iaea have say the north korean government have no current legitimate peaceful use for plutonium that could be produce at the newly reopen yongbyon site that be capable of produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium .
the iaea say the north koreans have move 1000 fresh fuel rod into the yongbyon reactor build .
of more concern be the 8000 spent fuel rod at the facility they start unsealing 021215 @-@ 021221 and the dismantle of iaea monitor equipment at the site .
expert say the spent rod could be use to build 3 @-@ 6 atomic bomb within 6 @-@ 8 month .
the unite state government offer supply of fuel oil and 2 new light water nuclear reactor in return for the north korean government 's agreement to freeze nuclear operation under the 940000 agree framework shut down yongbyon .
the agreement fall apart follow us government revelation in 021000 that the north korean government have admit to a separate nuclear program based on enriched uranium technology .
the us government suspend oil shipment to north korea as punishment .
the north korean government in turn claim to be in desperate need of power generation after the oil supply be cut and begin during 021215 @-@ 021221 to unseal the spent fuel rod at the facility and to dismantle monitor equipment .
2002 @-@ 12 @-@ 27
republic of korea ( kr ) ; democratic people 's republic of korea ( kp )
international ; government ; energy ; weapon ; leader ; politics ; war and conflict
south korea threaten to cease support follow north korean nuclear re @-@ activation .
president @-@ elect roh seek peaceful solution .
20021227 south korean president @-@ elect roh moo @-@ hun state --
south korea will cease support if north korea continue to ignore global concern over the country 's nuclear weapon program .
north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation .
inter @-@ korean exchange will suffer if tension among south koreans escalate due to the action of north korea .
south korea must take initiative in cope with the crisis because the issue directly concern the korean people 's survival .
roh campaign on a pro @-@ engagement platform and have endorse president kim dae @-@ jung 's softline sunshine policy of engagement with north korea .
an aide state that roh 's incoming administration have establish channel of communication with the north to defuse the crisis and discover north korea 's intention .
the us support the initiative .
roh take office in 20030200 .
north korea be re @-@ activate nuclear operation at yongbyon after violate a 1994 arm control deal with the unite state .
the iaea state that north korea have cut seal and impede surveillance equipment at 3 facility at yongbyon .
yongbyon be 100 km north of pyongyang .
the unite state urge north korea to meet obligation under international arm control accord .
us state department spokeswoman brenda greenberg state that attempt to restarts facility would compound north korea 's violation of these international commitment .
20030110 president george w. bush be to send an envoy to seoul do discuss defuse the crisis with roh .
roh will subsequently send an envoy to washington .
roh have advocate a peaceful resolution to the crisis through dialogue and have criticize the us hardline policy as potentially dangerous .
20021226 incoming chairman of the senate foreign relation committee republican senator richard lugar state on nbc television that a us attack would be inadvisable because north korea would likely retaliate with a potentially devastate attack on the seoul area .
roh 's aide acknowledge lugar 's statement .
australian foreign minister alexander downer state that australia will suspend plan to open an embassy in pyongyang to avoid appear to condone north korea 's nuclear action .
20021226 iaea director general mohamed elbaradei state --
north korea have move 1,000 fresh fuel rod into the reactor build at yongbyon -- which be capable of produce military plutonium -- as a prelude to reactivation .
north korea have no use for plutonium in its civilian program and thus may be plan military activity .
the iaea 's board of governor will shortly issue a report on the recent development .
the board be originally schedule to meet 20030106 .
2002 @-@ 12 @-@ 30
china ( cn )
space ; science ; technology
china launch unman space craft shenzhou iv into a preset orbit with the eventual goal of send astronaut into space .
30 december 2002 at 00 @:@ 40 am -- china launch space craft shenzhou iv into a preset orbit .
shenzhou iv be launch by a long march ii f carrier rocket from jiuquan satellite launch center in northwestern gansu province .
chinese scientist announce shenzhou iv would conduct experiment on the astronaut flight system and control of shenzhou iv 's environment and life support system .
a chinese aerospace official announce shenzhou iv would return to inner mongolia within 7 day .
accord to the xinhua news agency the lead designer of the astronaut system for china 's man space program commander su shuangning state --
china will soon send astronaut to space .
shenzhou iv be equip to carry astronaut .
chinese astronaut must first receive train in basic theory , professional skill and flight procedure and task .
in july 2002 the pentagon announce --
china could send astronaut into space in 2003 .
china plan to build a reusable space vehicle similar to the us space shuttle .
14 chinese astronaut have undergo train on shenzhou space craft .
the chinese astronaut be select from thousand of air force pilot .
in 2001 russia sign a 5 @-@ year space cooperation agreement with china .
the agreement stipulate that russia provide china with manned space craft technology and train chinese astronaut in russian facility .
in may 2002 official chinese media announce that china plan to establish a base on the moon to exploit the moon 's mineral resource .
space expert at the french institute for international relation in paris laurence nardon state --
us should not view china 's space man program as a security threat .
china be a member of the ballistic missile club .
china 's space program be less of a world threat than india 's or israel 's .
some us researcher believe china be develop weaponization of its space technology .
china may be develop weaponization of its space technology but be not currently able to implement it .
china plan to put human in space for prestige .
in november 2002 chinese aerospace science and technology corp. president zhang qingwei state --
shenzhou iii 's carrier rocket be equip with a fault @-@ detect and handle system .
shenzhou iv be back by a ground @-@ based search and rescue system and reinforce by other more reliable safety measure than shenzhou iii 's .
designer of china 's spacecraft system qi faren announce --
the function , indices and data relevant to man flight test well on three previous successful launch and landing of shenzhou spaceship between 1999 and march 2002 .
china establish a space program in 1992 .
shenzhou i launch in november 1999 and return to earth within one day .
10 january 2001 -- shenzhou ii launch .
western analyst suspect re @-@ entry fail .
25 march 2002 -- shenzhou iii launch .
the re @-@ entry vehicle successfully return to inner mongolia a week later .
only the us and former ussr have send human into space .
shenzhou iv be also referred to as divine vessel iv .
2003 @-@ 01 @-@ 10
russian federation ( ru ) ; france ( fr ) ; french guiana ( gf )
international ; weapon ; space
european space agency be finalize deal with russian government to allow for soyuz rocket to be launch from europe 's space command at kourou , in french guiana replace phase @-@ out ariane @-@ 4 launchers .
plan for soyuz launch have be delay by fund issue since costly modification to launch facility must be make to accommodate the russian rocket .
the european space agency ( esa ) state 10 january 2003 that it be finalize a deal with the russian government that could allow soyuz rocket to be launch from europe 's space command at kourou , french guiana .
the deal between the esa and the russian government could be write as early as march 2003 and sign by the russian government in april 2003 .
the deal would allow for soyuz missile to help replace phase @-@ out ariane @-@ 4 launchers .
ariane @-@ 4 launchers send payload up to 2.8 ton into geostationary orbit .
spacecraft launch from kourou benefit from the earth 's full rotational speed on the equator to aid their trajectory into space .
with this extra momentum , the spacecraft require less fuel .
plan for the soyuz launch have be delay by fund issue since modification to be make to launch facility in order to accommodate the russian rocket be predict to cost between 250 and 300 million euro .
the russian space program have experience fund problem and be unwilling to contribute one third of the bill as esa have request .
in november 2002 the government of france propose to fund the russian government 's share with a loan to be pay back by profit from the launch .
the esa state that no financial division have be decide yet .
france join russia in create a joint company starsem in 1996 to commercialize and market the soyuz launch from russia 's baikonur space center in kazakhstan .
soyuz missile use to send satellite and cosmonaut into space be the most used type of spacecraft .
soyuz missile have over 1700 launch since first launch the sputnik satellite into orbit in 1957 .
2003 @-@ 01 @-@ 11
japan ( jp ) ; russian federation ( ru )
proliferation ; international ; politics
prime minister koizumi meet with president putin to demand that north korea reverse npt withdrawal .
koizumi pledge continue support for russian disarmament .
20030111 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi state to a gather of scientist at kurchatov research institute in moscow --
japan demand that north korea annul the 20030110 decision to withdraw from the nuclear non @-@ proliferation treaty ( npt ) .
japan will collaborate with the international atomic energy agency and country include russia to ensure north korea 's reversal .
koizumi condemn and be concern by north korea 's decision .
20030110 koizumi hold a day @-@ long summit with russian president vladimir putin .
koizumi state that koizumi and putin hold identical view on the north korean crisis .
late 20030110 a japanese spokesman state to interfax news that koizumi encourage putin to employ the russian government 's influence on north korean leadership in pursue a reversal .
putin consent to koizumi 's request and state that dialogue with north korean leader kim jong @-@ il be possible .
koizumi state that russia , japan , and the international community would benefit from improve bilateral relation if russia and japan could overcome previous dispute .
in 1945 the soviet union seize 4 southern kuril island still claim by japan .
koizumi state --
japan will continue to assist russia in dismantle weapon of mass destruction include decommissioned nuclear submarine for which japan will allocate over 200 million dollar .
the weapon should be neutralize immediately in the interest of global security .
japan will contribute 100 million dollar to the process of weapon @-@ grade plutonium to prevent appropriation by terrorist .
japan have contribute 56 million dollar to scientific project and will continue to cooperate with russia .
russia have previously refuse to pressure north korea over defense policy .
analyst believe that russia have limit authority to do so .
koizumi visit the grave of japanese world war ii prisoner in a cemetery at the donskoi monastery in moscow .
koizumi will visit the far eastern city of khabarovsk late 20030111 and return to tokyo 20030112 .
2003 @-@ 01 @-@ 20
india ( in )
international ; crime ; technology
an indian information technology expert disprove the phobia of cyber attack and say the threat be overstate .
an indian information technology expert disprove the phobia of cyber attack and say the threat be overstate .
director of the indian institute of information technology s. sadagopan say the cyber attack be similar to the y2k myth ; although these thing could happen , they will not happen .
y2k be a computer malfunction expect to occur when 1999 change to 2000 but it do not inflict widespread damage .
sadagopan address delegate at a conference on information security .
sadagopan state that these thing happen with all technology if history be review and that imaginative people can cause extraordinary problem even with primitive technology .
sadagopan say the g8 nation have lose 43 billion dollar due to cyber crime .
the g8 nation be comprise of france , britain , canada , germany , italy , japan , russia and the unite state .
sadagopan say most people have an alarmist view of such attack .
the attack range from virus , flame @-@ mail ( abusive e @-@ mail ) , stone throw ( disfigure a home page ) to cyber squatter and script for break into internet site .
sadagopan state that many sensitive installation such as nuclear and power plant , and missile have an internet protocol address and that once someone hack into the site one can trip the power line or lead plane and missile to their choice destination .
sadagopan add that this type of hack be possible , but there be no need to panic .
sadagopan say it need to be recognize and while we should be sensitive about such threat it should not be sensationalized rather a pragmatic approach should be take .
the u.s. state department say in may 2002 that a computer hacker have infiltrate its e @-@ mail system .
the hacker sent a potentially damage virus to more than 20000 people who receive travel warning electronically .
a 50 @-@ line code of the love bug virus affect more than 2.8 million file monthly .
hackers have send love letter e @-@ mail to all chosen head of state from adolfahitler.com .
pentagon site have denial of service for more than three hour .
india 's premier nuclear research center bhabha atomic resarch center site be disfigure .
sadagopan state that a section of technologist think cyber soldier , cyber policemen and cyber insurance be need .
sadagopan say the threat be overstate and that it be like any other threat , like a foreigner drive on bangalore road .
the threat need to be accept and then education be the next step .
sadagopan say it need to be start today .
it cannot be postpone .
2003 @-@ 01 @-@ 22
pakistan ( pk )
international ; government ; energy ; weapon ; technology ; proliferation ; military
pakistan authority announce upgrade of security of nuclear facility and employee after press report allege leak of its its nuclear technology .
pakistan on 030122 announce upgrade to the security of nuclear facility and employee after a series of press report allege leak of nuclear technology to north korea and possibly iran and iraq .
the los angeles time , new york time and japanese media have carry several report quote unnamed us official say that pakistani scientist or military officer have sell the north korean government uranium @-@ enrichment technology for the nuclear program .
pakistan 's government have angrily reject the report as malicious and insist that nuclear technology have never be sell or leak .
the military statement say pakistan 's have a long @-@ stand capability for achieve the highest level of safety and security which be adequate and fail @-@ safe .
the pakistani government 's announcement come after president pervez musharraf chair a meet of the development control committee of the national command authority ( nca ) to review security of pakistan 's nuclear program .
an official military statement say the physical protection and custodial control at pakistan 's nuclear site and facility have be recently upgrade .
the statement say the nca give approval for further tighten of different defensive layer and enhance physical security as well as ensure the effectiveness of watertight safety of material , equipment and technology .
the nca also adopt step to improve personal reliability programs for people work in nuclear @-@ relate programs .
scientist , engineer and military officer work in nuclear programs be routinely screen every 2 year accord to a survey of pakistan 's nuclear security by italy 's arm control institution the landau network .
2 pakistani nuclear scientist be arrest 12 month ago and interrogate by us federal bureau of investigation agent on suspicion of possible cooperation with the taliban .
these arrest underline fear that nuclear technology could fall into the hand of islamic extremist .
pakistan 's government have be develop a nuclear program to match arch @-@ rival india 's since the 1970 s and only go public with the program in 980500 when test 5 nuclear device .
jane 's defence weekly estimate that pakistan 's government possess 25 @-@ 50 nuclear warhead and have a uranium enrichment plant and plutonium reprocessing plant close to the capital islamabad and at least 4 nuclear reactor across the country .
pakistan 's nca also decide on 030122 not to respond to india 's 3 missile test this month and state that pakistan 's government have no desire to increase tension in the region .
2003 @-@ 01 @-@ 25
india ( in ): pakistan ( pk )
dissent ; war and conflict
islamic activist condemn the arrest of kashmiri separatist leader in the indian zone of the dispute himalayan region .
on 25 january 2003 many islamic activist rally against the arrest of kashmiri separatist leader in the indian zone of the dispute himalayan region .
the fundamentalist jamaat @-@ i @-@ islami party of pakistani @-@ administer kashmir organize the rally .
the rally be hold on the call of the all party hurriyat conference ( aphc ) .
the aphc be an umbrella group of anti @-@ india outfit .
witness to the protest state --
protestors carry banner and placard .
protestors chant that india should release syed ali geelani and other kashmiri leader and that indian aggressor should leave kashmir .
9 june 2002 indian police arrest syed ali geelani .
geelani be charge with aid and abet terrorist activity and fund terrorist organization in the kashmir state .
geelani be an executive member of hurriyat .
geelani be hold in the ranchi jail in india 's eastern state of jharkhand .
aphc organize protest after report that geelani 's health be deteriorate .
geelani be elderly .
kashmir be divide between india and pakistan .
kashmir be claim by both india and pakistan .
the dispute over kashmir cause 2 of the 3 war between india and pakistan since india and pakistan 's independence from britain in 1947 .
an indian insurgency have result in the death of more than 37500 people in 13 year .
local jamaat @-@ i @-@ islami leader sheikh aqeel tell protestors --
india have be detain kashmiris to suppress pakistan 's freedom movement .
the freedom movement will never be suppress .
pakistan 's arm force should advance in kashmir to liberate its territory under indian occupation .
jamaat @-@ i @-@ islami 's youth wing stage a separate demonstration in kashmir .
jamaat @-@ i @-@ islami 's youth wing 's demonstration be against a us attack on iraq .
a banner carry by protestors state that a us attack on iraq would be terrorism against islam .
protester burn an effigy of us president george w. bush before disperse .
2003 @-@ 01 @-@ 26
republic of korea ( kr ) ; unite state ( us )
international ; terrorism ; technology ; telecom
20030126 the international community survey the damaged cause by the slammer worm internet attack .
some network remain inoperable .
20030125 the slammer worm rapidly affect million of online computer user , especially in asia .
vice president of macafee avert lab and leader of network associate ' antivirus response team vincent gulloto state that by late 20030125 the worm affect nearly 250000 computer worldwide .
the attack targeted the popular microsoft database software sql server 2000 .
traffic control site worldwide register decelerate email and other transmission at at 0530 gmt on 20030125 but the private internet @-@ monitor and network protection advise group cert and the national infrastructure protection center state that activity normalize by 1500 gmt .
in south korea the worm cause the country 's worst telecommunications breakdown through the crash of high @-@ speed network .
online shop and bank transaction be paralyzed .
shortly before 12 am 20030125 online service resume in south korea .
traffic remain slow for south korean internet user 20030126 .
the worm struck the us at 0530 gmt 20030125 .
most of bank of america 's 13000 atms be inoperable .
some trans @-@ atlantic internet and phone service be disrupt .
us company be able to repair system without disrupt business because the attack occur on a weekend .
other country --
computer expert in china and taiwan state that client have report major networking problem .
damage in japan be limit to some school and company but expert warn of a possible expansion with the start of the work week on 20030127 .
20030126 south korean information and communication minister lee sang @-@ chul hold emergency talk with state and private network expert and apologize for the internet breakdown .
lee state --
a second attack by the slammer worm or more malignant variant could more severely disrupt network on 20030127 .
both the public and firm be require to follow the ministry 's guidelines .
computer expert warn that slammer could be a pilot for a larger future attack .
director of research alan paller of the high @-@ tech security organization the sans institute in bethesda , maryland state that in the near or distant future a similar attack will occur .
security expert state that hackers could have implement the slammer attack on the weekend in order to gauge damage in advance of launch a more devastate attack .
similar attack --
in 20010700 the code red virus affect 300000 computer .
the slammer worm be the largest internet attack since the nimda virus on 20010918 .
slammer be a computer worm .
unlike virus , worm do not require a user to initiate a command such as open an email attachment to infect the computer .
worm carry a self @-@ regenerate mechanism that enable them to multiply rapidly across the web and trigger the flow of copious transmission into computer system .
2003 @-@ 01 @-@ 28
japan ( jp )
proliferation ; energy ; international
plutonium enough to produce 25 nuclear bomb which have go unaccounted for at a japanese nuclear facility be mostly due to measure shortcoming and miscalculation .
a nuclear fuel reprocessing plant about 100 kilometers ( 60 mile ) north of tokyo in tokaimura have extract 6890 kilogram ( 15158 pound or 7.6 short ton ) of plutonium from spent nuclear fuel since it begin operate in 770000 .
a japanese education and science ministry official say on 030128 that the total currently account for at the facility be 206 kg short of the plutonium initially estimate to have be produce by reprocessing spent nuclear fuel from power plant .
it be know to take 5 @-@ 8 kg of plutonium to produce a nuclear bomb .
the official at the ministry 's nuclear safeguard office say that the case have be report to the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) of the unite nation .
the find be also report to the japanese government 's atomic energy commission on 030128 .
the education and scienc ministry deny the possibility that any plutonium have be illegally remove from the facility .
the official say 94 kg of the miss plutonium be presume to have dissolve into waste water without be measure .
the official add that another 29 kg disintegrate into another type of element .
the official say that plutonium may have be stuck to fuel tube or mix with waste water be process to be solidify in glass and dispose of .
the official also point to possible error in the estimate of plutonium extract in the process .
the official say that there be a need for improvement in measure and evaluate method of plutonium .
the report be based on inspection at the tokaimura facility done under iaea safeguard rule design to prevent the transfer of nuclear material for production of nuclear weapon .
tokaimura be a pacific coast complex of nuclear @-@ relate facility and make headline in 990000 when the world 's worst nuclear plant accident since chernobyl in 860000 occur at a uranium reprocessing plant there .
3 worker set off a critical reaction in 990000 when they pour too much uranium into a precipitation tank .
2 of the 3 worker later die .
safety concern at nuclear facility in japan be further highlight on 030127 when a high court uphold the suspension of operation of a troubled experimental fast @-@ breeder reactor which have be shut since an accident in 950000 .
2003 @-@ 01 @-@ 28
italy ( it )
international ; technology ; telecom ; government
on 030128 italy 's internet network be hit by most serious internet attack to date that severely disrupt italy 's post office .
official state that on 030128 italy 's internet network be hit by most serious internet attack to date that severely disrupt italy 's post office .
the attack on italy 's internet network occur as similiar attack around the globe appear to be subside .
a computer security expert name fulvio berghella state that the 030128 attack on italy 's internet network be the result of a digital worm name sq hell and that the attack be the worst internet attack ever to hit italy .
fulvio berghella state that the digital worm name sq hell be particularly virulent and replicate itself at the rate of 8000 time an hour .
fulvio berghella head an internet security firm name securitynet .
fulvio berghella state that the digital worm name sq hell have a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm name sq hell be slow down the poste italiane computer network and make some computer inoperable .
the sq hell be consider a computer worm .
a computer worm be unlike a computer virus and do not require a user to open an e @-@ mail attachment or initiate any other type of command to infect the computer .
paolo baldelli state that online work at italy 's 14000 post office be severely disrupt by the internet attack .
paolo baldelli state that the internet attack overload computer with million of message .
paolo baldelli be the official responsible for poste italiane 's computer system .
begin at 0100 greenwich mean time poste italiane 's computer be overwhelm with the message entitle hi .
paolo baldelli state that it take a team of 80 technician hour to free the computer system of 9000 of the 14000 poste italiane 's office .
italian consumer be unable to use poste italiane 's cash machine or pay utility bill online .
paolo baldelli state that the problem with poste italiane 's computer system would be resolve in the remain 5000 post office and normal service would resume on 030129 .
in 000000 italy be attack by a strike similar to the 030128 attack on italy 's internet network and at least 8 other internet attack in 020000 .
a fast spread internet attack by the sapphire or sql slammer worm over the weekend effect an estimate 250000 computer worldwide .
many of the 250000 computer be locate in the unite state and asia .
2003 @-@ 02 @-@ 04
india ( in ) ; singapore ( sg )
international ; terrorism
indian deputy pm identify southeast asia as a new center for jihadi terrorism and urge closer international counter @-@ terrorism cooperation follow bomb in bali .
20030204 indian deputy prime minister lal krishna advani state at a public lecture in singapore address academic , diplomat and business executive that southeast asia be become an operational center of terrorism and government must cooperate more closely to combat terrorism .
20021012 terrorist execute a bomb attack on the indonesian resort island of bali .
indonesian authority state that the islamic militant group jemaah islamiyah be responsible .
the attack be consider part of a global incitement to jihad by al @-@ qaeda and its ally .
advani state --
the bali attack establish southeast asia as a potential new theater for the spread of jihadi extremism .
india previously know that the operational center of jihadi terrorism be locate near india due to the us @-@ lead bomb campaign against extremist base in afghanistan .
advani state --
the menace of religious extremism have inspire international terrorism .
terrorism should not be identify with any religion but jihadi terrorism have spread more global violence than any other extremist doctrine .
advani state --
country must continue in pursue enhance cooperation include intelligence share and border control to combat the problem perpetrate by global terrorism and its concomitant -- drug traffic , illegal arm trade and cross @-@ border crime .
while the international consensus be that terrorism cannot be tolerate , the instrument the international community propose to deal with terrorism do not meet the requirement of the problem .
advani state at a forum organize by the institute of southeast asian study --
country must formulate and implement an integrated and cooperative approach to security by design new security system to protect transport , communication and energy infrastructure from terrorist attack as well as obstruct terrorist ' fund .
unilateral military action such as the standoff between the us and iraq on disarm iraqi president saddam hussein threaten peace and could lead to unforeseen negative consequence .
the issue of weapon of mass destruction should be deal with in the un .
rise tension in the middle east will affect oil price .
the the region should provide greater energy security through develop alternative energy technology .
advani visit singapore 20030202 @-@ 20030205 .
2003 @-@ 02 @-@ 10
myanmar ( mm )
dissent ; military ; government
myanmar 's military arrest 12 activist from pro @-@ democracy party for anti @-@ government activity undertake with fund from dissident expatriate .
on 30210 myanmar 's military state that the military have arrest 12 activist from pro @-@ democracy party for anti @-@ government activity undertake with fund from dissident expatriate .
at a specially call media brief a myanmar military spokesman state that he 12 arrest activist be mostly member of the opposition party name national league for democracy .
national league for democracy be head by nobel peace prize laureate aung san suu kyi .
aung san suu kyi be release 020500 from 19 month of house arrest .
human right activist claim myanmar still have 1200 to 1300 political prisoner despite a series of political prisoner release in 020000 .
at the specially call media brief a military intelligence official brigadier general than tun that it have be discover that some member of the legally stand political party inside myanmar have be engage in anti @-@ government activity with financial support from dissident expatriate .
than tun state that some of the 12 arrest activist have produce anti @-@ government material .
the people allege to have produce anti @-@ government material include a national league for democracy vice chairman from kamayut township name khin win and shan national league for democracy 's secretary sai nyunt lwin .
the pamphlet contain anti @-@ government material have be find with another national league for democracy member name maung maung myint .
maung maung myint have return to myanmar from exile in thailand .
maung maung myint 's arrest in myanmar have lead to the arrest of the other 11 activist .
than tun state maung maung myint be arrest on 030210 together with around 450 anti @-@ government pamphlet that maung maung myint admit he have personally authored .
than tun state maung maung myint have also admit to authoring an anti @-@ government pamphlet targeting monk and student and that 1000 copy of these pantalets have be produce for public distribution .
than tun state the pro @-@ democracy activist be obviously try to get the sympathy of monk as well as the general public for the pro @-@ democracy cause .
than tun state that myanmar 's military will take legal action against some of the 12 arrest activist and release those myanmar 's military deem to be innocent after the investigation be complete .
than tun state that everything involve the prosecution of the 12 arrest activist will be legal and transparent .
than tun state that international human right group such as amnesty international do not need to be concern about illegal prosecution of the 12 arrest activist .
amnesty international return last week from amnesty international 's first fact @-@ find mission to myanmar .
myanmar be widely criticised for myanmar 's poor human right record .
in a 030210 brief in bangkok regard amnesty international 's first visit to myanmar , amnesty international call for the release of all political prisoner and pressure myanmar 's government to improve myanmar 's human right record .
amnesty international state that myanmar 's authority have in no way hinder amnesty international 's fact @-@ find mission .
than tun state that despite the fact that it be clear some member of the opposition party be involve in anti @-@ government activity myanmar 's military have not accuse the leadership of the national league for democracy or the shan national league for democracy of be directly involve .
than tun state that it remain to be see whether the opposition party involve will take disciplinary action or act in the defense of the 12 arrest activist .
the national league for democracy win general election in 900000 and win 392 of 485 contest seat .
the rule junta have refuse to recognise the victory of the national league for democracy .
2003 @-@ 02 @-@ 18
south africa ( za ) ; iraq ( iq )
international ; weapon ; proliferation
a team of south african weapon expert depart for iraq with un approval to assist with iraq 's disarmament program .
political tension be increase as the u.s. threaten war against iraq .
south african president thabo mbeki state on 18 february 2003 that a south african team of weapon expert will depart to iraq within day to assist with iraq 's disarmament program .
in an address to parliament in cape town mbeki state --
a number of distinguished south africans will travel to iraq this week .
the weapon expert will be able to address all matter that relate to nuclear , chemical and biological weapon of mass destruction , missile system , non @-@ proliferation and disarmament .
mbeki state in his state of the nation address on 14 february 2003 that iraq have accept an offer from south africa to send a team of weapon expert to assist iraqi government official , scientist and engineer with its disarmament program .
south africa dismantle a number of nuclear weapon 10 year ago and be recently praise for its model cooperation with weapon expert invite to inspect its site .
deputy foreign affair minister aziz pahad state that south africa be the only country in the world that have destroy nuclear weapon .
pahad state that the group of south african expert will be able to assist the iraqis by relate its experience .
the team of seven expert comprise deon smit , ben steyn , phillip coleman , super moloi , daan van beeck , peter goosen and tom markram .
the team would visit iraq in a consult role and would not replace un weapon inspector .
ben steyn be a colonel in the south african national defense force .
steyn oversee the end of the apartheid regime 's chemical and biological warfare program call project coast .
germ warfare expert wouter basson direct project coast before steyn .
in 2002 basson be acquit in a south african court on all 46 charge file against him include murder , fraud and drug deal .
basson 's trial relate to his work as head of project coast .
basson 's trial last 30 month .
smit be a south african parastatal armscor 's acquisition general manager .
coleman be the manage director of south africa 's designate single small @-@ scale facility in term of the chemical weapon convention .
van beek be the director of non @-@ proliferation and space in the trade and industry department .
van beek also head the secretariat for the council for the non @-@ proliferation of weapon of mass destruction which oversee south africa 's non @-@ proliferation legislation .
mbeki express confidence that the south african team of expert would contribute greatly to iraq 's effort to meet obligation impose by the un security council .
the government of south africa 's proposal to assist the iraqi government be discuss with un secretary @-@ general kofi annan and the un weapon inspector in iraq .
this week the un security council be debate u.s. threat to lead a war on iraq after chief un weapon inspector hans blix deliver a progress report to the body on 14 february 2003 .
south africa 's ambassador to the unite nation dumisani khumalo have be call for public session of the security council instead of close meeting in order to allow other country to participate in discussion .
south africa be the chair of both the african union and non @-@ align movement and have be vocal in its opposition to an attack on iraq .
south africa state that the un security council be the only body fit to deal with the matter .
in february 2003 nobel peace prize laureate and former president nelson mandela state that u.s. president george w. bush lack foresight , could not think properly , and would cause a world holocaust if the u.s. continue with plan to wage war against iraq .
critic have state that despite the dire effect an iraqi conflict would have on the african continent south africa need to carefully assess balance its economic relation with the unite state with its serious opposition to a u.s. @-@ lead war .
in his speech before parliament 14 february 2003 mbeki referred to this criticism as most unfortunate state --
critic suggest that the south african government 's behavior with regard to the unite state government should be govern by economic benefit that derive from agoa ( african growth and opportunity act ) .
the south african government maintain very good relation with the unite state government .
difference on any issue have never pressure the south african government into submit to the unite state ' view .
2003 @-@ 02 @-@ 20
iran ( ir )
international ; government ; energy ; weapon ; politics
iranian opposition group accuse iran of build ban uranium enrichment site as part of a nuclear weapon program with goal of alter power balance in region .
un nuclear inspector to depart for iran to conduct inspection of 2 site .
on 20 february 2003 iranian opposition group national council of resistance of iran ( ncri ) state that iran be build ban uranium enrichment site as part of a nuclear weapon program .
the statement be make on the even precede a un team 's departure for iran to conduct inspection at 2 nuclear site .
u.s. representative for ncri soona samsami state at a press conference in washington d.c. that iran 's strategy be to build weapon of mass destruction and nuclear weapon in particular in order to alter the balance of power in the region in its favor and to facilitate export of fundamentalism and terrorism .
un international atomic energy agency inspector and its director mohamed elbaradei depart for iran 21 february 2003 to conduct an inspection at a site in natanz where representative of the ncri have state that the regime have conceal a test centrifuge .
ncri show satellite photograph of a site in natanz portray a cluster of warehouse in which the group claim the regime have hide centrifuge use to enrich uranium that could be use in nuclear weapon .
samsami state that the clerical regime be take advantage of the current crisis in the region and have accelerate its effort to obtain nuclear weapon .
on 09 february 2003 iranian president mohammed khatami recognize the existence of a uranium mine and extraction center but promise that the uranium would be use only for peaceful purpose .
the u.s. government be skeptical of iran 's intention and state that iran 's pursuit of a complete fuel cycle only make sense if it be pursue nuclear weapon .
ncri state on 20 february 2003 that iran 's clerical ruler be also build and have test missile that would eventually have a range of 4000 to 6000 kilometers ( 2500 to 3700 mile ) .
ncri state that the information on iran 's weapon program have be supply through their intelligence network within iran and that satellite photograph be supply by the institute for science and international security .
the institute for science and international security be a non @-@ profit clearinghouse for security information and image .
samsami state --
the iranian government have remove sensitive equipment from the natanz site in anticipation of the iaea inspection this weekend .
the iranian government intend to bar iaea entry to 1 of the 5 large building where the centrifuge be locate and would claim that it be a warehouse similar to the other 4 .
samsami provide street address of the suspect facility .
elbaradei plan to conduct inspection at the natanz facility south of tehran and at the arak site southwest of tehran on 22 february 2003 and 23 february 2003 .
ncri state that the arak site produce heavy water for the production of plutonium .
plutonium be use as a trigger in nuclear weapon .
samsami state that such weapon be a matter of survival for the regime in iran .
samsami state that iran 's clerical regime be in a tenuous position face unprecedented social disenchantment and expansion of popular resistance and would therefore not hesitate to use weapon of mass destruction to stabilize its position .
the government of iran reveal earlier this month that it have discover uranium deposit near the central city of yazd and that a uranium oxide plant have be complete in the central city of isfahan and would be complement by an enrichment plant now under construction near kashan to its north .
the plant in yazd province would produce concentrate yellow cake uranium while another facility at an undisclosed location would complete the cycle by produce finish fuel make entirely in iran .
2003 @-@ 02 @-@ 26
china ( cn ) ; myanmar ( mm ) ; thailand ( th ) ; philippines ( ph ) ; japan ( jp ) ; cambodia ( kh ) ; indonesia ( id ) ; vietnam ( vn ) ; laos ( la ) ; malaysia ( my )
narcotic ; international
the international narcotic control board report on february 26 , 2003 that illicit manufacture of methamphetamines have rise significantly in southeast asia .
the international narcotic control board report on february 26 , 2003 that illicit manufacture of methamphetamines have rise significantly in southeast asia .
the unite nation organ say there continue to be indication that manufacturer of heroin be increasingly shift their attention to methamphetamine particularly in myanmar .
the vienna @-@ based board state that the psychotropic substance be clandestinely manufacture on a large scale along myanmar 's border with thailand and in china and the philippines .
methamphetamine remain the main drug of concern in japan , the philippines and thailand .
the thai health ministry have estimate that three million people regularly abuse the substance .
that be five percent of the thailand 's population .
thailand be the world 's largest consumer of methamphetamines .
authority in japan have report a rise in the abuse of stimulant .
the board state that a sharp rise in methamphetamine abuse have also be note in cambodia , indonesia , laos , malaysia and vietnam .
in china there have be a rise in arrest relate to the drug .
the report state that the abuse of amphetamine among children have rise sharply in cambodia .
law enforcement effort apprehend amphetamine in east asia .
the un organ state that more than 70 percent of all the seizure in amphetamine make in the world take place in east and southeast asia , mainly china and thailand .
most of the world manufacture of amphetamine @-@ type stimulant have take place in the region .
the exception be mdma ( ecstasy ) .
the report state production of methamphetamine pose a grow threat to other region .
seizure of the drug have increase in europe and the unite state .
illicit opium poppy cultivation decrease in laos and myanmar .
the board say that the region still witness massive amount of traffic .
the region remain the second largest source of opium and heroin in the world behind afghanistan .
the report say intravenous drug abuse have become one of the drive force behind the hiv @/@ aid epidemic in the region .
the board tell indonesia , myanmar and the philippines to enforce without delay law pass over the last couple of year in the three country .
this referred to an issue closely relate to the illicit drug trade , namely money @-@ launder and be to combat the practice .
the board voice concern that cambodia and north korea have yet to become party to any of the international drug control treaty .
2003 @-@ 03 @-@ 15
india ( in ) ; pakistan ( pk )
war and conflict ; terrorism
kashmiri militant group claim responsibility for attack on indian police post in the dispute region that killed at least 11 people .
indian official claim that foreign infiltrator from pakistan execute the attack but local kashmiri group call this baseless propaganda .
on 16 march 2003 kashmiri militant claim responsibility for an attack on a police post in the dispute state of kashmir in india state that they attack to avenge the kill of their commander by indian troop .
the hizbul mujahideen be the largest group fight indian rule in the dispute himalayan region .
a spokesman for hizbul mujahideen who decline to be identify state to afp --
the attack be in retaliation to the recent kill of district commander amanullah and 3 other fighter of hizbul mujahideen by the indian army in kashmir .
approximately 10 to 15 fighter from hizbul mujahideen , harkatul mujahideen , harkatul jihad @-@ e @-@ islami and al badar attack the camp before midnight on 15 march 2003 and into 16 march 2003 and kill at least 12 soldier .
all the fighter who participate in the operation be local kashmiris not infiltrator from pakistan as claim by indian official .
the indian claim that cross @-@ border incursion have increase be baseless and aim at cover up its failure in occupied kashmir .
the militant attack the post in gool in the udhampur district approximately 95 mile north of indian kashmir 's winter capital jammu .
at least 11 people be kill in the attack .
a spokesman for another kashmiri separatist group call harkatul mujahideen agree with the hizbul official state --
the attack be execute by local kashmiri fighter affiliate with 4 group .
if india blame foreign militant it be part of its propaganda to mislead the international community .
the kashmir region be divide between india and pakistan and be claim by both .
india and pakistan have fight 2 war over kashmir since each gain independence from britain in 1947 .
india accuse pakistan of fund and train rebel fight to end indian rule in kashmir .
pakistan deny the charge .
since 1989 more than 37500 people have die in the insurgency in kashmir .
2003 @-@ 03 @-@ 21
kazakhstan ( kz )
weapon ; war and conflict ; military ; terrorism ; international
kazakhstan increase its air defenses to prevent any missile fire during the iraq war from threaten its caspian coast .
the coast be a home to vital oil industry installation .
on march 21 , 2003 a spokesman for the central asian country 's defense ministry say kazakhstan increase its air defenses to prevent any missile fire during the iraq war from threaten its caspian coast .
the coast be a home to vital oil industry installation .
defense ministry spokesman abish smailov tell afp that incident occur when powerful weapon such as scud missile be use .
smailov say that kazakh air space be control at all time use measure involve anti @-@ missile defenses , fighter jet and anti @-@ terrorist unit .
kazakhstan 's increase air defenses come during kazakhstan 's air force carry out exercise along its caspian shore .
the shore be a center of kazakhstan 's nascent oil industry .
western country say it be inadequately defend in the event of terrorist attack .
ex @-@ soviet kazakhstan be separate from iraq by a 600 @-@ kilometer ( 360 @-@ mile ) section of the caspian sea and iranian territory .
kazakhstan be currently cooperate with the unite state on strengthen defenses in this oil @-@ rich area .
kazakh politician say that any overthrow of iraqi leader saddam hussein could reduce western interest in exploit kazakhstan 's oil field .
investor could turn their attention to iraq 's vast oil resource instead .
2003 @-@ 03 @-@ 30
thailand ( th ) ; myanmar ( mm )
international ; narcotic
the methamphetamine pill know as yaa baa have surpass heroin as thailand 's number one killer drug .
several million thai people use the drug .
the methamphetamine pill know as yaa baa have surpass heroin as thailand 's number one killer drug .
several million thai people use the drug .
the pill have become part of thai society .
no other drug have become as integral in decade .
the effect on the brain of its consumer be disastrous .
yaa baa be know as crazy medicine in thailand .
it have be targeted in a two @-@ month anti @-@ drug crackdown that have result in the death of nearly 1,900 suspect trafficker .
there be much concern over the drug .
the drug 's popularity increase in the mid @-@ 1990 s .
it have make thailand the world 's number one consumer .
pierre @-@ arnaud chouvy and joel meissonnier state in their book yaa baa recently publish by the institute of research on contemporary southeast asia that the psychotropic drug be use across society for both work and pleasure .
construction worker , sailor , farmer and taxi driver take the drug to help them through long work day .
student use it to get through exam period .
clubbers use it to help them dance all night .
yaa baa possess several quality that have help it supplant heroin as the drug of choice in thailand .
the book state that the drug convey a completely positive image .
it appear modern and inoffensive because it be synthetic .
the energy , confidence and euphoric feel have give user an image as a drug of happiness .
the pill can also be easily consume .
they can be pop or dissolve in a glass of water , take intravenously , pulverize and inhale , or smoke .
there be at least 90 type of the pill .
yaa baa be easy to manufacture and do not have any climate uncertainty like other drug have .
instruction on how to manufacture the drug be available on the internet .
heroin require opium poppy as its raw ingredient and cocaine depends on yield from the coca plant .
the drug have an affordable price .
it cost 60 baht ( 1.50 dollar ) per pill on the street before thailand 's drug war start on february 1 , 2003 and push the price up 300 percent .
the pill cost five @-@ cent to produce .
800 million pill enter thailand from myanmar last year .
the book state that the majority of the drug come from myanmar particularly the area control by the wa of the uwsa ( unite wa state army ) .
the book be referring to the pro @-@ yangon ethnic group say to operate around 50 laboratory close to the border and the mobile production unit .
myanmar could become an unrivaled regional producer because of the link between the military ruler and the uwsa , and the jungle canopy where uwsa operate .
the military and uwsa link result in a lack of law enforcement .
the drug have become a specialty of the golden triangle where thailand , laos and myanmar converge .
much of the world 's opium be still produce there .
chouvy and meissonnier say that methamphetamine be overtake heroin as the production drug of choice in the area and be profit enormously from the distribution network that heroin traffic have already establish .
five percent of thailand 's population be now estimate to abuse methamphetamine .
the international narcotic control bureau say the figure make it the largest per capita consumer in the world .
the drug have be around in other form for year .
it be first use in the 1920 s as an antidepressant and then as a psychostimulant during world war ii and the vietnam war .
people recruit from impoverished ethnic minority transport the pill along a multitude of route .
myanmar soldier and thai police and bureaucrat protect the cargo and allow them to eventually reach consumer in thailand .
the book state that one pill will pass through seven intermediary from the frontier runner to the retailer .
the retailer will usually sell more to the drug user than he or she require .
this create another dealer and explain the drug 's easy availability across thailand .
owner of boat in the southern coastal province of ranong and construction foremen in bangkok be know to force their worker to take the drug at the begin of the workday .
occasionally in rural area the farmer dissolve the drug in a bottle which they drink while work .
consumer be as young as seven and school have become one of the main hub for traffic of methamphetamine .
thailand 's youth be the most at risk .
2003 @-@ 04 @-@ 03
afghanistan ( af ) ; pakistan ( pk )
international ; terrorism ; government ; war and conflict
afghanistan 's interior minister state that taliban be not capable of destabilizing the afghan government despite post @-@ winter increase in attack on government and foreign target in the country .
most of the attack be carry out by pakistan @-@ based former taliban member send into afghanistan and fund by drug smuggle operation or supporter in pakistan .
on 03 april 2003 afghanistan 's interior minister ali ahmad jalali state that taliban and remain al @-@ qaeda militant be not capable of destabilizing the afghan government despite their increase attack on government and foreign target .
jalali be speak at his first press conference since take office in february 2003 .
jalali state that the arrival of spring weather be the reason for the increase number of attack by taliban and remain member of osama bin laden 's al @-@ qaeda network .
the traditional fight season in afghanistan be spring after the harsh winter .
jalali state that due to the warm spring weather terrorist activity have increase particularly in the south and southeast region of afghanistan .
on 02 april 2003 the u.s. state department state that security in afghanistan be volatile and unpredictable follow a series of attack against foreigner .
in a travel advisory the u.s. state department state that travel in all area of afghanistan include the capital kabul be unsafe due to military operation , land mine , banditry , arm rivalry among political and tribal group , and the possibility of terrorist attack include attack use vehicular or other bomb .
taliban and al @-@ qaeda militant regularly launch attack on government and foreign target .
last week a foreign red cross worker be murder and 2 u.s. special force be kill in an ambush while on patrol .
jalali state --
on 03 april 2003 afghan militia force be fight taliban extremist for the 3 rd day near spin boldak in southern kandahar province near the pakistani border .
there be approximately 50 @-@ 60 terrorist in the mountain of the southern kandahar province and the kandahar security force be conduct operation against them .
on 02 april 2003 2 member of the security force be kill and 1 be wound .
7 of the terrorist be arrest .
several former taliban member be arrest in another operation in southern ghazni province .
jalali state that among the former taliban member arrest be several well @-@ know former taliban figure who be in afghanistan to establish a network of terrorist organization and to conduct anti @-@ government activity in the area .
among those arrest be former taliban education minister shaheed kheil .
jalali state --
approximately 15 suspect taliban member be capture in kandahar and 9 kill in operation launch after the 27 march 2003 murder of the red cross worker .
most of the terrorist attack be carry out by former taliban member based across the border in pakistan .
these member have confess that they be send from pakistan into afghanistan by the former taliban leader .
the pakistan @-@ based former taliban member conduct the attack be be fund by former drug smuggle operation or by supporter in pakistan .
the militant come across the border from pakistan into afghanistan be organize by former taliban element .
fund be transfer to the pakistan @-@ based former taliban member from karachi , quetta and peshawar but this do not indicate that the government of pakistan be support the former taliban .
it be true that the interrogated afghan taliban state that they have come from pakistan and receive their financial support from karachi and quetta but this do not indicate that the government of pakistan be support them .
there be many fundamentalist across the world as well as in pakistan and afghanistan .
2003 @-@ 04 @-@ 04
pakistan ( pk )
international ; narcotic ; crime ; government ; war and conflict ; weapon
pakistan 's army @-@ lead anti narcotic force seize 1.22 metric ton of opium after gun battle with drug smuggler in baluchistan province .
on 030406 pakistani official state that pakistan 's army @-@ lead anti narcotic force seize 1.22 metric ton of opium after a gun battle with drug smuggler in the southwestern pakistani province of baluchistan .
anti narcotic force official state that the street value of the opium be 50 million unite state dollar .
pakistani official state that the gun battle take place in the kharan desert on the iranian border 212 mile west of the baluchistan province capital of quetta late on 030404 .
an anti narcotic force official state that anti narcotic force agent spot a vehicle during a routine night patrol of the area west of quetta along the pakistan @-@ iran border , an anf official say .
an anti narcotic force official state that when the anti narcotic force motion the vehicle to stop the vehicle 's occupant open fire and that the firefight last half an hour .
the anti narcotic force official state that the anti narcotic force team recover 1.22 metric ton of opium from the vehicle after an exchange of gun fire and arrest the vehicle 's driver .
the anti narcotic force official state that the drug smuggler manage to escape under the cover of darkness and that the anti narcotic force team recover three rifle , a machine gun , rocket launcher , two grenade and hundred of round of ammunition from the vehicle .
in 021200 the authority seize 1130 kilogram of morphine in baluchistan province .
late in 020000 the authority recover 1100 kilogrammes of hashish and several automatic weapon .
2003 @-@ 05 @-@ 22
egypt ( eg ) ; saudi arabia ( sa )
terrorism ; international
a purport ayman al @-@ zawahiri record call for more suicide attack , highlight again the role of egyptians in al @-@ qaeda , while suspicion grow that another egyptian , seif al @-@ adel , may have be behind the bombings in saudi arabia .
in a message air 030521 by arabic qatar 's al @-@ jazeera satellite channel , the purport voice of ayman al @-@ zawahiri urge muslims to force westerner out of muslim land by attack westerner and emulate the 010911 suicide attack in the unite state .
the speaker call for muslims to muster their resolve and hit the embassy of america , england , australia and norway , and strike at the interest , company and employee of america , england , australia and norway .
the speaker urge muslims to attack and eject americans , british , australians and norwegians out of muslim homeland .
the speaker tell muslims not to allow americans , british , australians , norwegians or other western christians to live in and benefit from the resource of muslim country .
egyptian expert say this audiotape be a genuine record of zawahiri 's voice and prove zawahiri be alive and still as influential as before in al @-@ qaeda .
montasser al @-@ zayat , a lawyer who have represent islamic militant suspect in egypt , state he be certain that the voice on the tape be that of zawahiri , al @-@ qaeda leader osama bin laden 's top lieutenant .
al @-@ zayat state that the record be zawahiri 's voice , style and manner .
dia al @-@ rashwan state that he believe that the voice be zawahiri 's and that the message bore zawahiri 's characteristic emphasis on islamic militant attack against arab government which be ally to the unite state .
al @-@ rashwan be a journalist with egypt 's government daily al @-@ ahram and an expert on islamic militant .
accord to rashwan , while bin laden have always stress international target , zawahiri have gradually show increase support for arab target as well .
rashwan think it be clear that zawahiri be still second in command of al @-@ qaeda and that his stress on local ( arab ) target be influence not only statement and action by al @-@ qaeda itself but also group inspire by them .
montasser al @-@ zayat say that he believe bin laden be under secure protection with zawahiri .
zayat think that security condition sometimes dictate which one speak out .
the situation and location of zawahiri , bin laden and other top al @-@ qaeda member have be unknown since the unite state struck the base of al @-@ qaeda and its taliban supporter in afghanistan in 011000 .
rashwan be unable to illuminate suspicion that seif al @-@ adel , another egyptian , might have mastermind the triple suicide bombings that kill 34 people , include 9 bomber , in riyadh , suadi arabia 030512 .
rashwan and other egyptian expert say that adel have become al @-@ qaeda 's number 3 in command since become chief of military operation and succeed abu hafs al @-@ masri .
al @-@ masri be kill during the war in afghanistan .
adel be a top member in the egyptian islamic militant movement al @-@ jihad .
al @-@ jihad be lead by zawahiri and carry out many attack in egypt in the 1990 s .
adel leave egypt at the end of the 1980 s for a gulf arab country , then traveled to pakistan and then afghanistan , where he help train militant at some camp , egyptian source say on condition they not be name .
the egyptian source also say that adel be close to both zawahiri and bin laden .
a senior saudi official say 030519 that he believe adel direct the bombings in riyadh .
a senior unite state official state that it be still not clear whether adel have personally be involve .
like zawahiri , adel and al @-@ masri be on a list of 12 most wanted suspect release by the us administration follow the 010911 attack .
at least three other egyptians be also on the list : tharwat salah shehata , tariq anwar as @-@ sayyid ahmad and mohammad salah .
egyptian security source say that ahmad and salah be kill in the war on terror launch after 010911 .
ahmad and salah be believe to have organize suicide attack .
shehata , a laywer , be consider by security source in egypt to be responsible for al @-@ qaeda 's fund .
2003 @-@ 05 @-@ 15
india ( in )
narcotic ; military
indian troop already fight rebel in kashmir be now engage in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crop in the region .
troop be face angry farmer unaware that poppy cultivation be now punishable as a drug traffic offense .
indian troop already fight rebel be now also engage in a massive operation to destroy poppy crop in kashmir .
custom official from the federal finance ministry launch the campaign with security force on 15 may 2003 in the southern kashmir already affect by much violence .
the campaign require troop to confront angry resident desperate to earn a live and unaware they be violate the law .
senior custom officer v. prabhakar state that in 2003 the troop have destroy opium poppy crop disperse over 224.73 hectare ( 556 acre ) in 27 village of anantnag and pulwama district .
a similar drive be carry out in 2002 in the same region but do not stop resident from replanting .
prabhakar state --
the crop destruction of 2002 have not serve as a deterrent .
the state administration have be lax on the issue .
no district official have ever take step to destroy the crop nor even report that poppy crop be grow in his area .
villager in this region approximately 30 kilometers ( 18 mile ) south of kashmir 's summer capital srinagar state that cultivate poppy crop be their only livelihood .
farmer ghulam ahmed state that he and other farmer have be grow poppy crop in their field for year with no objection from anyone .
ahmed state that resident be shock when official and troop start destroy their harvest .
many villager grow poppy for their seed use to flavor the kashmiri bread know as kulcha .
kulcha be always in great demand across the himalayan region .
baker buy the seed at 100 rupee ( two u.s. dollar ) per kilogram .
the lucrative byproduct be poppy sap which can be process into opium .
rahti begum be disconsolate as she watch her crop be destroy .
begum who raise the 3 children of her late son state that her poppy crop be her only source of income .
some official admit the resident be not at fault .
a state official tell afp --
these villager be innocent .
they cultivate the crop for poppy seed unaware that its cultivation be punishable .
the villager be inadvertently involve themselves in drug traffic .
official state that because many farmer be unaware of these law security force make no arrest over poppy cultivation .
prabhakar state --
if the cultivation continue unrestrained kashmir may soon become notorious for narcotic .
this have potential serious consequence as kashmiri youth may become addict to narcotic grown in the region .
poppy cultivation at present be largely organize by group who use their own truck to transport the drug for sale in other part of india .
in 2002 the indian army seize 350 kilogram ( 772 pound ) of narcotic in the kashmir valley .
he will intensify the anti @-@ drug operation .
federal and state official and non @-@ governmental organization should cooperate on the anti @-@ drug campaign and could end the poppy trade in kashmir .
a crucial element of the campaign 's success be education of the public .
the region of kashmir be already unstable from 14 year of the separatist violence that have kill 10 s of 1000 s of people and have devastate their once prosperous tourism industry .
2003 @-@ 06 @-@ 21
europe ; albania ( al ) ; bosnia and herzegowina ( ba ) ; croatia ( hr ) ; macedonia , the former yugoslav republic of ( mk ) ; serbia and montenegro ( cs )
international ; crime ; war and conflict ; politics ; economy
after the first meet between leader of the european union and leader from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro , leader from the western balkan country pledge to diminish organize crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirement of european union membership .
leader from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leader to pursue join the european union .
european union leader and balkan leader issue a joint statement after the summit , state organize crime and corruption be an obstacle to democratic stability , the rule of law , economic development and development of civil society in the balkans and be a source of concern to european union leader .
the joint statement say combating organize crime and corruption in the balkans constitute a major priority for the government within the balkans .
the joint statement also state that leader from the balkan country pledge to focus on combating people traffic , illegal immigration and improve border security .
the joint statement include the european union leader ' call for effort to address ethnic tension .
government in brussels call for political , economic and judicial reform in the balkans after the war that broke up the former yugoslavia from 1991 - 1999 and be demand full cooperation with the unite nation war crime tribunal in the hague .
the joint statement state that the leader of the western balkan country pledge full and unequivocal cooperation with the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia , which include the immediate transfer to the hague of remain fugitive war crime suspect , and that provide justice for war crime be a legal , political and moral imperative to which the leader of the western balkan country be commit .
the joint statement state that the balkan government must continue with economic reform .
the statement say that persistent effort and structural reform be require to establish function market economy and to achieve sustainable development and to ensure employment .
the joint statement state european union leader reiterate unequivocal support to the european perspective of the western balkan country and that the future of the balkans be in the european union .
2003 @-@ 06 @-@ 24
france ( fr ) ; iran ( islamic republic of ) ( ir )
international ; government ; dissent ; crime ; terrorism ; leader
a paris judge order that 11 member of iranian arm opposition group the people 's mujahedeen remain imprison .
the member include the people 's mujahedeen 's symbolic leader maryam rajavi .
24 june 2003 -- a paris judge order that 11 member of iranian arm opposition group the people 's mujahedeen remain imprison .
court source state that the member be place under investigation for terrorist offenses .
the member include the people 's mujahedeen 's symbolic leader maryam rajavi .
the people 's mujahedeen view rajavi as the president @-@ elect of a future iranian government .
the judge reject rajavi 's appeal that the 11 member be free from preventive detention .
on 22 june 2003 17 member of the people 's mujahedeen be place under judicial investigation .
the 17 member include rajavi .
the investigation be the first step toward formal criminal charge for alleged link between the people 's mujahedeen and a terrorist organization and for fund terrorist activity .
last week french police raid more than a dozen location link to the people 's mujahedeen northwest of paris .
paris official have accuse the people 's mujahedeen of use france as a rear base to plan attack against iranian interest .
a series of demonstration in paris and europe protest the raid .
10 people set themselves on fire at the raid .
a woman in paris and a woman in london die from injury incur by set themselves on fire .
several dozen supporter stage a hunger strike at the headquarters of the national council of resistance of iran ( ncri ) .
more than 10 of the hunger striker have be treat in hospital for dehydration .
approximately 160 people have be detain in the police crackdown on the people 's mujahedeen .
.
the people 's mujahedeen have be classify by the us , the eu and iran as a terrorist organization .
the people 's mujahedeen arm wing occupy base in iraq have be neutralize by us force .
the people 's mujahedeen have accuse french authority of carry out their operation as part of a deal with iran .
iran deny have such a deal with france .
the ncri be the people 's mujahedeen 's political front in auvers @-@ sur @-@ oise .
hunger striker be affect by france 's heat wave .
temperature in auvers @-@ sur @-@ oise have reach 35 degree celsius ( 95 degree fahrenheit ) .
2003 @-@ 06 @-@ 30
korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp ) ; korea , republic of ( kr ) ; unite state ( us )
proliferation ; science ; international ; politics
a 5 billion unite state dollar north korean nuclear reactor project be contingent upon progress of discussion between north korea and south korea regard north korea 's desire to obtain nuclear weapon .
charles kartman state on 030630 that the 5 billion unite state dollar north korean nuclear reactor project be contingent upon progress of discussion between north korea and south korea regard north korea 's desire to obtain nuclear weapon .
official state that charles kartman make the statement during talk with south korean foreign minister yoon young @-@ kwan .
charles kartman be executive director of the korean peninsula energy development organization .
wi sung @-@ lac state to reporter that charles kartman state that the north korean nuclear reactor project be link to north korea 's problem with nuclear weapon .
wi sung @-@ lac be the head of the south korean foreign ministry 's north american affair bureau .
wi sung @-@ lac state that charles kartman state that north korea 's participation in the multilateral talk propose by the unite state to settle the nuclear crisis would help korean peninsula energy development organization resolve any policy difference over the north korean nuclear reactor project .
wi sung @-@ lac state that japan seem to have take a similar position to south korea and that there seem to be no determine policy despite various opinion in the unite state .
wi sung @-@ lac refuse to give any detail about the north korean nuclear reactor project .
the yonhap news agency state that charles kartman would reaffirm that the north korean nuclear reactor project may not be complete if the north korean government continue to pursue a nuclear agenda .
the unite state government have reportedly suggest the north korean nuclear reactor project be halt as part of grow diplomatic pressure on the south korean government .
south korea have so far take a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project .
the korean peninsula energy development organization be create under a 940000 agree framework between north korea and the unite state .
the korean peninsula energy development organization be to provide north korea with 2 light @-@ water nuclear reactor deem unsuitable for weapon production and 500000 metric ton of heavy fuel oil per year .
construction on the 2 light @-@ water nuclear reactor start in 020800 and be already behind schedule .
construction on 1 of the 2 light @-@ water nuclear reactor be originally plan to be complete in 030000 .
the korean peninsula energy development organization have maintain construction work on the 2 light @-@ water nuclear reactor and have suspend shipment of fuel oil to north korea from 021200 at the height of the nuclear stand @-@ off which intensify in 021000 when the north korean government admit to run a nuclear weapon program based on enriched uranium .
the 940000 agree framework between north korea and the unite state require north korea to stop the use of graphite @-@ moderate reactor use to produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium at north korea 's yongbyon nuclear plant .
north korea do not adhere to the 940000 agree framework .
north korea unsealed spent fuel rod from the graphite @-@ moderate reactor , remove international atomic energy agency inspector and withdraw from a nuclear non @-@ proliferation treaty .
on 030609 north korea admit publicly for the first time that north korea be seek nuclear weapon capability .
unite state official do not know how far north korea 's nuclear weapon program have progress .
unite state official believe the north korean government have already stockpile enough plutonium for 1 or 2 nuclear weapon .
north korea and the unite state sit down for their first talk in three @-@ way negotiation with china in 030400 but no further meeting have be schedule .
unite state government be seek support from its ally to cut north korea 's alleged fund from the sale of arm , illegal drug and currency counterfeit .
north korea have accuse the unite state of plan a blockade of north korea .
2003 @-@ 07 @-@ 01
vietnam ( vn )
international ; crime ; narcotic
vietnamese police make several arrest after uncover two network traffic drug from laos and cambodia .
vietnam state media report on 1 july 2003 that an australian man of vietnamese origin and a lao national be arrest after vietnamese police uncover two network traffic drug from laos and cambodia .
the vietnam news agency say australian national tran van thanh be arrest on 30 june 2003 in the southern vietnam city of dalat for tran 's involvement in a network smuggle heroin from cambodia to australia via vietnam .
the news agency report that police transfer tran to ho chi minh city where tran 's vietnamese accomplice , pham dai nhon , be arrest on 29 june 2003 with more than 600 gram ( 1.3 pound ) of heroin .
anti @-@ drug police on 1 july 2003 also arrest a lao national name khamkhuong unmano as police broke up a gang traffic the psychoactive pharmaceutical bromazepam from laos to vietnam .
unmano 's wife and unmano 's brother and sister @-@ in @-@ law be 3 of unmano 's vietnamese partner and be arrest on 30 june 2003 in hanoi .
the 2 couple tell police they have traffic more than 60000 pill of bromazepam .
police also seize more than 90000 pill of bromazepam , a car and close to 40000 us dollar follow a raid at the unmanos ' house .
vietnam have some of the strictest drug law in the world .
anyone find in possession of 300 gram ( 10 ounce ) or more of heroin or 10 kilogram ( 22 pound ) or more of opium could face the death penalty .
2003 @-@ 07 @-@ 03
sweden ( se )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; politics
the swedish government appoint hans blix to head a new independent international commission on weapon of mass destruction on july 3 , 2003 .
the swedish government on july 3 , 2003 appoint hans blix to head a new independent commission on weapon of mass destruction .
anna lindh state that it be very gratify that hans blix be willing to accept the chairmanship because the experience and knowledge hans blix possess be unique .
anna lindh state that the commission would provide impetus to disarmament and the non @-@ proliferation of weapon of mass destruction and missile .
anna lindh state that the commission will be form in the fall of 2003 and will submit recommendation in 2005 .
hans blix be the former unite nation weapon chief inspector in iraq .
hans blix retire from the unite nation post on june 30 , 2003 .
hans blix be also a former minister for foreign affair and direct the chairman of the unite nation monitor , verification and inspection commission for 3 year .
the swedish foreign minister anna lindh state that sweden must do everything possible to avert the threat pose by weapon of mass destruction .
in july 2003 the foreign ministry of sweden be open a new section specialize in disarmament .
anna lindh state the open of the new section be one more way to express the swedish government 's commitment in disarmament .
lindh also express hope for sweden to succeed in spread knowledge of and arouse further interest in issue concern disarmament .
the unite nation monitor , verification and inspection commission begin work in iraq in november 2003 after the regime of former president saddam hussein give way to the threat of unite state military action .
hans blix state that he have be undermine by individual in the pentagon because the individual issue criticism in the u.s. press regard hans blix 's cautious approach and failure to locate any weapon of mass destruction in iraq .
hans blix state that the unite nation monitor , verification and inspection commission do not have enough time to complete inspection before the unite state lead invasion in iraq .
hans blix also state that fact that the unite state be now call for patience while complete a unite state lead search for the suspect weapon be ironic .
the unite nation monitor , verification , and inspection group be set up in december 1999 .
2003 @-@ 07 @-@ 15
australia ( au ) ; korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp ) ; unite state ( us )
international ; weapon ; proliferation
on 030715 australia 's government dismiss a threat by a north korean spokesman of a north korean nuclear attack on australia if australia take part in an international operation to stop ship traffic weapon of mass destruction .
on 030715 australia 's government dismiss a threat by north korea 's self @-@ appoint spokesman of a north korean nuclear attack on australia if australia take part in an international operation to prevent ship from traffic weapon of mass destruction .
north korea 's self @-@ appoint spokesman be the executive director of the centre for korean @-@ american peace name kim myong @-@ chol .
kim myong @-@ chol purport to speak for the north korean government and state abc television from tokyo late on 030714 that north korea would strike unite state ship interdict north korean vessel .
kim myong @-@ chol warn that if there be an interdiction of north korean vessel the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major city such as new york and washington .
kim myong @-@ chol warn that if australia take part in interdict north korean vessel that australia could also be attack .
kim myong @-@ chol state that the official north korean position be , if australia become part of american manipulation against north korea then north korea reserve the right to attack australia .
kim myong @-@ chol state that north korea be capable of reach the australian mainland anytime .
kim myong @-@ chol state that australia lack the capacity to reach north korea .
on 030715 foreign minister alexander downer state that kim myong @-@ choi 's comment carry no authority .
alexander downer state that kim myong @-@ chol be a self @-@ appoint voice belong to a north korean support group in japan .
alexander downer state that the maritime force propose to stop traffic in illicit weapon and drug would operate within the frame of international law and it do not appear at this stage that any change would be need to strengthen international law to allow the operation to procede .
kim myong @-@ chol warn astralian prime minister john howard to carefully consider his approach to the north korean issue .
kim myong @-@ chol state that the north korean message be for australia to watch what they say or australia will be harm .
prime minister john howard be due to leave the philippines on 030715 for tokyo on the second leg of his three @-@ nation asian tour to rally support for the unite state initiative under which an international interception force may be launch to stop country such as north korea from import and export illicit weapon and drug .
australia be one of 11 nation which have endorse the unite state initiative and have agree to join unite state lead military train exercise in 030900 .
the unite state initiative 's goal be to partially increase pressure on north korea .
north korea have claim nuclear ambition and currently north korea be report to have missile aim at japan .
2003 @-@ 07 @-@ 15
australia ( au ) ; korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp )
international ; government ; weapon ; military ; proliferation ; war and conflict
australia dismiss north korea 's threat to strike australia with nuclear weapon if australia participate in an operation to stop ship from traffic weapon of mass destruction .
on 030715 australian foreign minister alexander downer dismiss north korea 's threat to strike australia with nuclear weapon if australia participate in an unite state lead operation to stop ship from traffic weapon of mass destruction .
kim myong @-@ chol be the executive director of the centre for korean @-@ american peace .
kim myong @-@ chol purport to be a spokesman for the north korea government .
kim myong @-@ chol state to abc television from tokyo late 030714 that north korea would retaliate against unite state ship interdict north korean vessel .
kim myong @-@ chol state that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major city such as new york and washington dc .
kim myong @-@ chol state that australia would be attack if australia be part of the interdiction of north korean vessel .
kim myong @-@ chol state that the official north korean position be that north korea reserve the right to strike back against australia if australia become part of american manipulation against north korea .
kim myong @-@ chol state that north korea have reprocessed 8000 nuclear fuel rod at north korea 's yongbyon nuclear facility locate north of pyongyang and that north korea be capable of reach the australian mainland anytime .
kim myong @-@ chol state that australia have no capacity to reach north korea .
alexander downer dismiss kim myong @-@ chol 's threat .
alexandert downer state that kim myong @-@ chol 's statement be without authority and that north korea do not have weapon with the range to reach australia .
in a statement alexander downer state that kim myong @-@ chol be a self @-@ appoint voice belong to a north korean support group in japan .
alexander downer state that australia do not believe north korea would launch a nuclear attack against australia or that north korea have the capacity to fire nuclear missile as far as australia .
alexandert downer state doubt that north korea be even capable of fire a nuclear missile .
alexander downer state that the maritime force propose to stop traffic in illicit weapon and drug would operate within the frame of international law and it do not appear at this stage that any change would be need to strengthen international law to allow the operation to go ahead .
alexander downer state that the conclusion of the group of 11 country endorse the operation to stop ship traffic weapon of mass destruction have be that they be act within established international law and that the group of 11 country think that there be quite a strong legal foundation already in place to be able to interdict ship carry nuclear weapon or nuclear weapon component .
kim myong @-@ chol state to abc television that prime minister john howard should carefully consider how the issue of the threat be approach .
kim myong @-@ chol state to abc television that the north korean message be for australia to be careful with australia say and that if australia be not careful then australia will be harm .
kim myong @-@ chol state that north korea be carefully monitor all australian behavior and that australia must be careful how australia act towards north korea .
the comment by kim myong @-@ chol follow a strong warn by howard on sunday that war be not yet inevitable but the global community expect north korea to wind back its nuclear weapon program .
john howard have plan to leave the philippines 030715 to travel to tokyo on the second leg of a three @-@ nation asia tour to rally support for the unite state plan that allow an international interception force to be launch against country traffic in illicit weapon and drug .
australia be one of 11 nation that have endorse the unite state plan and have agree to join unite state lead military exercise in 030900 .
the part of the purpose of the unite state plan be to increase pressure on north korea .
north korea have boast of nuclear ambition and north korea be now report to have missile train on japan .
2003 @-@ 07 @-@ 18
china ( cn ) ; democratic people 's republic of korea ( kp )
international ; government ; weapon
the chinese government 's recent conclusion that north korea have enough plutonium to build a nuclear bomb have result in urgent diplomacy and plan for new talk .
chinese deputy foreign minister be dispatch to north korea to meet with kim jong @-@ il in an attempt to deescalate the situation .
chinese diplomat be quote in the asian wall street journal on 18 july 2003 as state that china believe north korea currently have enough plutonium to build a nuclear bomb .
this belief cause the government of china to accelerate diplomacy to resolve the crisis and to dispatch chinese deputy foreign minister dai bingguo to pyongyang , north korea on 12 july 2003 in this effort .
china be north korea 's closest ally .
north korea be a stalinist regime .
dai be presently in washington d.c. to inform top u.s. policymakers of the outcome of the rare meet with north korean leader kim jong @-@ il .
the newspaper state that in recent week chinese intelligence service conclude that north korea be produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium in sufficient quantity and possess all the necessary component to assemble nuclear @-@ tip missile .
a european official familiar with internal chinese report on the finding and chinese diplomat be quote in the newspaper as state that the reprocessed plutonium be estimate to be sufficient to make at least 1 nuclear device .
the european official state that north korea have yet to combine the plutonium , trigger device and other component into a bomb .
the chinese report in part verify recent claim make by the government of north korea that a number of spent nuclear fuel rod seal in 1994 have be open and have undergo reprocessing ostensibly to produce plutonium .
until now china have state that no evidence exist that north korea be seek nuclear weapon .
the u.s. government have be unable to confirm the north korean government 's claim .
u.s. and south korean official have speculate that north korea may have 1 or 2 nuclear bomb and may have the capacity to build 6 .
the chinese government 's increase concern be make evident by the new urgency of its diplomacy this week .
at a foreign ministry brief on 17 july 2003 spokesman kong quan state that the north korean crisis be at a critical point .
kong quan state that china be attempt to deescalate the situation by promote talk and encourage the 2 party to make peace .
kong quan state that it be important that the party return to negotiation and continue with the trilateral talk that commence in april 2003 .
the trilateral talk of april end poorly with the north korean government state it possess and might test nuclear weapon .
accord to u.s. official there be now a greater possibility that new talk could occur as north korea appear willing to join another negotiate session with china and the unite state .
there be also indication that the dialogue could be expand to include japan and south korea .
south korean official have be quote as say that a dialogue could take place as early as august 2003 .
the unite state government have always insist on multilateral talk and have be eager to include its japanese and south korean ally .
north korea have consistently demand 1 @-@ on @-@ 1 talk with the u.s. government .
the government of china emphasize that it be more important to resume talk quickly than to refrain until the number of participant can be agree upon .
china be a traditional ally and supplier of food and fuel to north korea china and be therefore the country with the most leverage over north korea .
china have demonstrate that it be willing to take advantage of this leverage .
earlier in the crisis china stop oil supply to north korea for several day .
2 day after north korean leader kim jong @-@ il grant dai the rare meet for 14 july 2003 the regime 's korean central news agency announce that china have recently decide to donate 10000 ton of diesel oil to north korea .
2003 @-@ 07 @-@ 20
thailand ( th ) ; china ( cn ) ; lao people 's democratic republic ( la ) ; india ( in ) ; myanmar ( mm )
narcotic ; international ; politics
thailand will host minister from china , laos , india and myanmar to discuss the elimination of precursor chemical use in drug production .
official report that minister from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will hold talk this week in the northern thai town of chiang rai aim at eliminate precursor chemical use in drug production .
the meet will take place from 22 july 2003 - 25 july 2003 in one of the corner of the golden triangle and be the first of its kind .
the meet will be attend by the minister responsible for drug suppression in china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand .
thai justice minister pongthep thepkanjana will host the meet .
deputy chief of thailand 's office of narcotic control board ( oncb ) rasanee vistaveth state the minister from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand be expect to adopt the chiang rai declaration which will touch on the country ' commitment to solve the problem of drug , particularly with regard to precursor and chemical traffic .
ephedrine and pseudoephedrine be contain in legal medicine and be use to produce illegal stimulant include speed or ice which be produce in large quantity in myanmar and then traffic to thailand and china and beyond .
chemical precursor be also use to turn raw opium into heroin .
rasanee state the minister from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand expect to openly discuss their country ' weak point and the measure each country be take to control these substance and prevent the substance from reach the golden triangle area .
rasanee say the government of china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will explore way to cooperate to intercept the illegal substance which be also use in legitimate industry .
rasanee state every country have its own way of control precursor but as matter of fact many precursor still flood the golden triangle area .
the minister from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiative for impoverish ethnic minority who still rely on opium cultivation .
rasanee referred to thailand 's successful decade @-@ long campaign to eliminate poppy grow from its territory and report that thailand be willing to help and share its own expertise on opium elimination by train official .
the minister from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find market for goods produce under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco @-@ tourism and handicraft manufacture .
2003 @-@ 08 @-@ 03
iran , islamic republic of ( ir )
international ; media ; weapon ; technology ; science ; government
la time probe find strong evidence that iran appear to be in the late stage of develop the capacity to build a nuclear bomb .
the los angeles time in the 030804 edition summarize result of an independent probe which strongly indicate that iran be strive to become the world 's next nuclear power and appear to be in the late stage of develop the capacity to build a nuclear bomb .
the los angeles time say the 3 @-@ month investigation draw on previously secret report , international official , independent expert , iranian exile and intelligence source and uncover strong evidence that iran 's commercial program mask a military undertake .
the time report say that scientist from russia , china , north korea and pakistan plus advance technology have propel iran 's nuclear program much closer to produce a bomb than iraq ever be .
the time point out that some expert predict iran might produce an initial atomic weapon in the next 2 @-@ 3 year .
no one be certain about the actual time frame for iran 's nuclear weapon production .
nuclear material :
the time say a confidential report prepare by the french government in 030500 conclude that iran be surprisingly close to have enrich uranium or plutonium for a bomb .
a foreign intelligence service provide a copy of the report to the time .
the french government warn other government in the report to exercise the most serious vigilance on their export to iran and iranian front company .
the time report say that sample of uranium take by un inspector in iran in 030600 test positive for enrichment level high enough to be consistent with an attempt to build a nuclear weapon .
the iranian government also secretly import 1.8 ton of nuclear material from china in 910000 and process some of this nuclear material in order to manufacture uranium metal .
this uranium would be of no use in iran 's commercial program but would be integral to weapon production .
foreign scientist ' involvement :
the time quote an unnamed middle eastern intelligence official that pakistan 's role be bigger than thought from the begin .
abdul qadeer khan have help iran for year and be a pakistani nuclear scientist regard by the unite state as a purveyor of nuclear secret .
the time say people inside iran and foreign intelligence official say that north korean military scientist have be recently monitor enter iranian nuclear facility and be assist in the design of a nuclear warhead .
there be a resort on the caspian coast set aside for the exclusive use of north koreans who be work on nuclear and missile project in iran .
this indicate the number of north koreans work in iran on such project .
russian scientist sometimes travel to iran under false identity and work without the russian government 's approval to help complete a special reactor that could produce weapon @-@ grade plutonium .
new technology :
the report say iranians have also approach european company in recent month to buy device that can manipulate large volume of radioactive material .
this technology be for forge uranium metal and plutonium and switch that could trigger a nuclear weapon .
european intelligence source say list of item the iranians have wish to procure be a strong indication that iran have move to the late stage of weapon development .
2003 @-@ 11 @-@ 29
iran ( ir )
international ; proliferation
iran pledge to provide nuclear information to iaea and sign nuclear protocol before 20040200 but not to indefinitely suspend uranium enrichment
20031129 secretary of iran 's supreme national security council and senior iranian nuclear official hassan rowhani state --
by 20040200 when director general of the international atomic energy agency of the un mohammed el @-@ baradei present a new report iran will provide all require information and mean of verification to the iaea .
the iranian government will soon authorize its representative to the iaea to sign the additional protocol to the non @-@ proliferation treaty .
20031126 the iaea pass a resolution condemn iran for 18 year of covert nuclear activity .
the resolution contain a passage warn that any further non @-@ proliferation breach by iran would occasion stern action .
the us demand that the iranian government be bring before the un security council for possible sanction while britain , france and germany demand that iran be reward for cooperate with the iaea since 20031000 but neither demand be meet by the resolution .
prior to 20031129 rowhani have make no statement after the 20031126 iaea resolution .
rowhani state --
the suspension of uranium enrichment be provisional and voluntary and intend to build confidence .
iran continue to refuse to indefinitely suspend its uranium enrichment activity and reserve the right to recommence enrichment at any moment .
iran 's uranium enrichment have prompt international concern that iran may be capable of construct an atomic bomb .
iran state that the purpose its nuclear activity be peaceful .
rowhani state that iran want to use enrich uranium to supply fuel for a future civil center .
rowhani state that the iranian government will discuss with european government the transfer of modern technology , nuclear technology and fuel to iran .
an unprecedented mission by the foreign minister of britain , france and germany in 20031000 convince the iranian government to --
declare the entirety of the country 's nuclear activity .
suspend uranium enrichment .
sign the npt additional protocol allow strict inspection of iranian nuclear facility .
2003 @-@ 12 @-@ 02
china ( cn ) ; germany ( de )
technology ; international ; business ; environment
german technology group siemens state that negotiation have begin between siemens and china to export an unused plutonium @-@ process facility to china .
on 031202 a german technology group name siemens state that delicate negotiation have begin between siemens and china to export an unused plutonium @-@ process facility to china and that the negotiation have support from chancellor gerhard schroeder .
gerhard schroeder be currently visit china .
news of the potential sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility come after gerhard schroeder meet on 031201 with chinese premier wen jiabao .
german government source state that wen jiabao express interest in the plutonium @-@ process facility during the 031201 meet with gerhard schroeder and that gerhard schroeder then promise to study wen jiabao 's request to purchase the plutonium @-@ process facility .
gerhard schroeder be on day 2 of a 3 day visit to china .
gerhard schroeder have visit china 5 time since 990000 and have focused the visit on boost economic relation .
gerhard schroeder be accompany by a strong business delegation include siemens boss heinrich von pierer .
any sale of plutonium @-@ process facility between china and siemens be likely to be highly politically contentious and would need the approval of gerhard schroeder 's centre @-@ leave rule coalition .
gerhard schroeder 's centre @-@ leave rule coalition include the environmentalist green .
a previous proposal to export the plutonium @-@ process facility to russia collapse in 010000 amid political concern .
the political concern be voice by the green and others .
a siemens spokesman in germany state that heinrich von pierer state that siemens be begin talk with interested chinese party about a sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility .
a siemens spokesman in germany state that heinrich von pierer state that gerhard schroeder state that gerhard schroeder be not against the sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility in principle .
a siemens spokesman in germany state to the agence france @-@ presse that siemens be confident about the outcome of the talk to sell the plutonium @-@ process facility .
a siemens spokesman in germany refrain from comment on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility .
a siemens spokesman in germany state that export permission would be need from the german government and that the speed of any sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility would be contingent upon obtain the correct political support .
a chinese delegation have already inspect the plutonium @-@ process facility at hanau in western germany and siemens have lodge an application for an export licence .
a spokeswoman for germany 's federal export office confirm siemens 's application for an export licence have be lodge with germany 's federal export office .
a spokeswoman for germany 's federal export office state to agence france @-@ presse that the application for an export licence be be study at ministerial level due to the political consideration involve .
the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility will be difficult to negotiate .
the plutonium @-@ process facility be describe as europe 's largest plutonium plant produce fuel for nuclear reactor and be complete in 910000 at a cost of 700 million euros .
the plutonium @-@ process facility never go into operation and be abandon in 950000 .
the hanau plutonium @-@ process facility be abandon after safety concern .
siemens state that the hanau plutonium @-@ process facility be also abandon due to political difficulty at a time of grow debate about the future of nuclear power .
the environment minister of hesse state be the green member joschka fischer who be now germany 's foreign minister .
hesse state include hanau where the plutonium @-@ process facility be locate .
the plutonium @-@ process facility be estimate to be worth about 50 million euros on 031202 .
siemens would not comment on the plutonium @-@ process facility 's estimate value of 50 million euros .
the environmental group greenpeace urge the german government to refuse the sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility .
greenpeace state that any sale of the plutonium @-@ process facility would effectively mark a german contribution to political destabilisation in the far east .
greenpeace state that the fuel of the plutonium @-@ process facility could be refine to extract weapon @-@ grade material and that the plutonium @-@ process facility should be scrap .
2003 @-@ 12 @-@ 04
germany ( de ) ; china ( cn )
international ; technology ; energy ; government ; business ; environment
a chinese company have discuss buy a plutonium factory from a german technology group .
german defence minister peter struck state that germany will export a plutonium facility to china only if china guarantee to use it only for peaceful purpose .
4 december 2003 german defense minister peter struck state that germany will export a plutonium facility to china only if china guarantee to use it only for peaceful purpose .
the export be controversial .
struck speak in an interview to the neue presse daily .
the rule centre @-@ leave coalition have criticize the propose sale of the plutonium facility .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder state earlier this week he will investigate china 's request to buy the plutonium facility .
schroeder recently visit china .
struck state --
schroeder be correct to promise to examine the propose exportation .
china must guarantee that the plutonium factory will not be use for military purpose but to produce atomic energy .
the sale be a highly emotional subject .
struck be confident the coalition will settle its disagreement .
if china make the guarantee struck will not be concern about the sale of the facility .
earlier on 4 december 2003 chinese foreign ministry spokesman liu jianchao state --
a chinese company discuss a possible sale of the facility with owner german technology group siemens .
the facility would be use for civil purpose and have no military goal .
the facility would have nothing to do with non @-@ proliferation issue .
the facility be complete in 1991 .
the facility would have be europe 's largest plant produce fuel for atomic power station .
the facility never go into operation .
in 1995 the facility be abandon under pressure from environmentalist party the green .
the green party be now junior partner in schroeder 's coalition .
senior green member such as co @-@ leader angelika beer demand the sale to china be refuse .
germany be phase out atomic energy for environmental reason and senior green member state that it would be hypocritical of germany to export an atomic energy facility .
accord to press report green foreign minister joschka fischer have agree to a sale .
some member of of schroeder 's social democrat party protest the sale .
schroeder have publicly express his support of the sale .
the plutonium facility be locate in hanau , western germany .
joschka fischer be the green ' most charismatic figure .
2003 @-@ 12 @-@ 09
brazil ( br )
international ; crime ; government ; politics ; weapon
brazil 's senate approve legislation increase firearm purchase age and propose a 2005 referendum on the ban of gun sale .
20031209 77 of 81 member of the brazilian senate approve restriction on the sale of firearm and enhance sentence for those find guilty of traffic illegal gun .
the legislation increase minimum age for purchase a firearm from 21 to 25 and propose a referendum on the ban of firearm sale in 20051000 .
the lower chamber of deputy have already pass the bill .
the legislation must be sign into law by president luiz inacio lula da silva to take effect .
senator cesar borges of the liberal front party sponsor the bill and state that the reduction of brazil 's 50000 annual gun death would be a momentous achievement .
brazil have one of the world 's highest rate of gun @-@ related murder .
2003 @-@ 12 @-@ 16
yemen ( ye )
terrorism ; international
al @-@ qaeda officer mohammed hamdi al @-@ ahdal reveal under interrogation that saudis and yemenis be involve in fund two terrorist attack in yemen .
source close to the investigation say on 031216 that al @-@ qaeda officer mohammed hamdi al @-@ ahdal have reveal under interrogation that unnamed saudis and yemenis be involve in fund two terrorist attack in yemen .
saudi @-@ born adhal 's alias be abu issam al @-@ maki and be al @-@ qaeda 's leader in yemen .
ahdal be arrest 031100 .
ahdal reveal that the finance of the attack against the uss cole in 001000 and the french supertanker limburg in 021000 october and other terrorist attack go through ahdal and originate from saudis and yemenis reside outside .
ahdal tell investigator the money come in installments and in small quantity in order to avoid detection .
ahdal tell the investigator all the financial and technical preparation for the attack of both the uss cole and limburg be supervise by ahdal and reveal that one of the two suicide bomber in the uss cole attack carry the family name of al @-@ thore .
the saudi @-@ own al @-@ majala weekly magazine 's current edition say that saudis and yemenis be implicate in the terrorist attack in yemen .
al @-@ majala say the government of yemen inform saudi authority of information reveal by ahdal under investigation reagrding saudi person involve in the fund and that yemeni authority be prepare to receive saudi officer in join the investigation .
al @-@ majala say yemeni authority refuse a saudi request ask for ahdal to be extradite for interrogation in saudi arabia because the yemeni constitution disallow the hand over of yemeni citizen regardless of any charge .
a saudi team of investigator be currently in yemen .
yemeni authority believe ahdal be the second @-@ in @-@ command to ali qaed sunian al @-@ harithi .
ali qaed sunian al @-@ harithi 's alias be abu ali al @-@ harithi .
harithi be among the six al @-@ qaeda suspect kill in november 021100 in a missile attack by the us central intelligence agency in the desert region of al @-@ naqaa east of sanaa in marib province .
yemen be the ancestral homeland of al @-@ qaeda leader osama bin laden and have be under pressure from the us government since the 010911 attack on the us to crack down on presume al @-@ qaeda militant .
2004 @-@ 02 @-@ 03
vietnam ( vn ) ; china ( cn ) ; cambodia ( kh ) ; taiwan ( tw ) ; india ( in ) ; hong kong ( hk )
international ; crime ; health
live poultry smuggle undermine who and fao effort to restrict bird flu spread in asia .
fao and who advise country to tighten border security .
smuggler be undermine international effort head by the un world health organization ( who ) and agricultural organization ( fao ) to eradicate bird flu by traffic illegal live poultry that threaten to spread the disease to new area .
attempt to halt bird flu spread --
agriculture and custom official have increase border check throughout the affect region to halt illicit trade .
recent arrest of live poultry smuggler have occur at checkpoint .
most affect asian country have ban the import and export of live and slaughter poultry to prevent the movement of potentially infect chicken and duck across border .
senior fao animal production and health officer in asia hans wagner state --
the fao be concern and well aware that there be copious uncontrolled movement of animal between border in some asian country .
smuggle occur chiefly across the green or uncontrolled border of vietnam , laos , thailand , cambodia , myanmar and china be likely a source for spread the flu and other disease .
authority in vietnam state that smuggle of meat and fruit from china have increase drastically in the past year .
vietnam have experience 9 flu fatality and be the country worst affect by the disease .
prevent smuggle from vietnam be difficult because the country 's extensive land border with china , laos and cambodia be poorly control by a notoriously corrupt custom department .
most nation have tighten border control in accordance with fao and who advisories .
20040120 cambodian authority detain 10 in the southern province of ta keo for import over 150000 duck egg from vietnam .
cambodia have continuously be combating chicken and egg smuggle from vietnam and be on high alert .
20040202 taiwan tighten security against smuggler follow the discovery in 20031200 of h5n1 in duck smuggle from mainland china .
taiwan have previously successfully control an outbreak of the mild h5n2 flu strain .
taiwanese coastguard increase patrol around the island and several island group off the chinese mainland .
approximately 8000 poultry and pig farmer be vaccinate against human flu to prevent it mutate with bird flu strain .
india be free of the disease but have deploy hundred of soldier to the border with myanmar .
myanmar have no report h5n1 case but indian official suspect that poultry could be smuggle through myanmar from thailand .
thailand be one of the country worst affect by the virus .
hong kong authority have increase security along the border with china .
the government state that illegally slaughter poultry import increase by 15 percent from 2002 to 2003 .
the custom and excise department reportedly seize 29266 kilogram of chill or freeze poultry in 2003 compare with 1749 kilogram in 2002 .
custom spokesman richard law state that the department perform frequent check on smuggle activity and have now increase effort to inspect cargo .
the h5n1 flu strain have cause 13 death and report outbreak in 10 country .
2004 @-@ 02 @-@ 09
china ( cn )
international ; government ; technology ; business
volkswagen ag reject a chinese newspaper report that it have put a stop to technology transfer of its santana sedan to joint venture partner shanghai automotive industry corp ( saic ) .
the china business post report 040209 that german auto giant volkswagen ag have decide against the further transfer of a technical platform for the santana sedan model to joint venture partner shanghai automotive industry corp ( saic ) .
discontinue these technology transfer would cause several million of yuan 's of loss to saic .
the china business post say saic have invest large sum in the schedule acquisition of the platform , include acquire an auto manufacture plant in yizheng city in eastern jiangsu province .
the report plan be for saic to produce a new sedan model design on the santana platform and with the car set to be launch in 040500 .
the china business post say the termination be due in part to volkswagen 's adjustment of strategy regard china and to ineffective communication with volkswagen 's chinese partner .
volkswagen on 040209 reject this china business post report that volkswagen have put a stop to technology transfer of santana sedan to saic .
volkswagen group china spokeswoman melanie behrens say that the statement make in the china business post about the stop of knowledge transfer from vw to saic be not true .
behrens say that volkswagen do not know where these claim come from and be still work on the subject and try to clarify the situation .
saic be not immediately available for comment .
saic also have a joint venture with us @-@ based general motor .
analyst say this issue highlight what might be an increase problem for foreign auto maker as china 's government increase support of domestic car company in hope of build stand @-@ alone name brand .
many chinese car @-@ maker with overseas venture partner have begin research and develop car independently .
volkswagen be china 's number one passenger car @-@ maker and have two joint venture in china , shanghai volkswagen automotive company and faw ( first automotive work ) volkswagen automotive company .
approximately 633000 of volkswagen 's own car be sell in china in 030000 , up from 510000 in 020000 .
saic sell a total of 800000 sedan in 030000 .
saic 's sedan sale top other domestic auto maker , most of which be volkswagens and general motor ' buicks .
2004 @-@ 02 @-@ 10
libyan arab jamahiriya ( ly )
international ; proliferation
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visit london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
shalgam state that libyan official have have the material to produce weapon of mass destruction but have decide to abandon tripoli 's weapon of mass destruction program .
foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam state on 10 february 2004 during a visit to london that libyan official have all the mean to make weapon of mass destruction but never decide to produce the weapon .
shalgam 's visit to london be the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
shalgam state during a press conference alongside british foreign minister jack straw that libyan official have have the equipment , the material , the know @-@ how and the scientist to make weapon of mass destruction .
shalgam state that have flour , water and fire do not mean have bread .
official in tripoli state on 19 december 2003 that libyan official be abandon tripoli 's weapon of mass destruction program follow month of secret talk with british and u.s. official .
shalgam state the program 's abandonment be not impose on libyan official .
shalgam state libyan official want american and british aid which would be more beneficial to libya than make weapon of mass destruction .
straw state the libyan official ' decision be a courageous step and that the announcement of the decision pave the way for the former pariah state of libya 's reintegration into the international community .
straw state that the announcement show that problem of proliferation can with good will be tackle through discussion and engagement .
straw state the libyan official ' decision should benefit the whole region and make the world a safe place .
straw state that progress be be make on move to dismantle libya 's program follow the announcement in december 2003 .
2004 @-@ 02 @-@ 16
unite state ( us )
international ; terrorism ; government
a draft report prepare for the eu executive state that the european union should massively increase research on security issue in order to better protect civilian from terrorist attack .
a draft report prepare for the eu executive state that the european union should massively increase research on security issue in order to better protect civilian from terrorist attack .
the report be create by a work group include research commissioner philippe busquin and enterprise commissioner erkki liikanen .
it recommend that up to two billion euros be spend per year on a vast pan @-@ european research program .
the european security research program ( esrp ) would receive eu fund begin in 2007 .
it be the most ambitious of several recommendation the group be likely to issue when it present its final conclusion in two or three week .
the draft report recommend start security research fund with one billion euros per year in 2007 .
it will then slowly increase the annual budget to two billion euros .
european spend currently lag behind the unite state .
the unite state ' homeland security department receive one billion dollar annually plus research credit from the defense department .
the report state that there be no reason why european security research should not be fund at a level similar to the unite state .
the european commission strategy allow for a preliminary period of study and pilot project from 2004 to 2006 .
it promote eu @-@ wide synergies in research on top safety issue include protection against bio @-@ terrorism and improve networking between civilian and military authority across the continent .
65 million euros have be earmark for the 2004 @-@ 2006 phase of the research program accord to an exploratory plan of action present by the commission on february 3 , 2004 .
the work group on security research be form last october and include eu parliamentarian and expert from related industry in addition to the two commissioner .
2004 @-@ 02 @-@ 29
france ( fr ) ; monaco ( mc )
terrorism ; international
french anti @-@ terrorist judge call terrorism serious threat despite dispersal and weaken of al @-@ qaeda .
restrain extremist group be become increasingly difficult because of how the group be finance .
france 's top anti @-@ terrorist judge jean @-@ louis bruguiere state to afp 29 february 2004 that al @-@ qaeda be still capable of inspire people to carry out attack despite be much weak since the 11 september 2001 attack and the u.s. @-@ lead war in afghanistan .
bruguiere have lead the french legal effort against extremism and terrorism in recent year .
bruguiere state --
the global fight against terrorism be against an increasingly elusive enemy with access to fund virtually impossible to control .
the threat come from long @-@ stand member of al @-@ qaeda .
al @-@ qaeda be an organization which still exist but have be significantly weaken by the neutralization and capture of a number of its member and of those in charge .
in an interview in monaco bruguiere call global terrorism a scatter and polymorphous threat .
bruguiere be in monaco attend a meet of the international organization involve in mediterranean political study call club of monaco .
dozen of alleged member of al @-@ qaeda have be capture or kill since the group claim responsibility for the 11 september attack on new york and washington d.c. but authority have not be able to locate al @-@ qaeda 's leader osama bin laden or his top deputy ayman al @-@ zawahiri .
on 24 february 2004 zawahiri appear in 2 tape message broadcast by the arab @-@ language al @-@ arabiya and al @-@ jazeera television station call in remark attributed to him for renew attack on the unite state .
bruguiere state --
restrain extremist group particularly across europe be become increasingly difficult because of how the group be finance .
the network operate in europe benefit from micro @-@ finance and not from macro @-@ finance .
fraudulent charge card could be use to withdraw significant sum which be then distribute through micro @-@ channel outside the classic financial circle and be practically impossible to detect .
use of false credit card be grow .
it be necessary to expand exist law to combat the fund mechanism .
all exist legal or institutional measure be insufficient to neutralize this threat .
al @-@ qaeda be only 1 of many worldwide threat among the many radical islamic organization involve in an international jihad and share the al @-@ qaeda strategy that be pursue regional option .
the group be particularly active in africa , asia and europe .
bruguiere make these comment before go into a meet with approximately 40 high @-@ rank or former top international official .
since the september 2001 strike on the unite state deadly large @-@ scale attack have occur in other part of the world .
among the target have be a synagogue in northern tunisia , a nightclub in bali , a hotel in kenya and numerous location in chechnya and russia .
analyst have warn that iraq could become a breed ground for terrorist organization if a political solution be not find soon .
the unite state and britain invade iraq nearly a year ago despite massive international opposition .
2004 @-@ 03 @-@ 05
lao people 's democratic republic ( la )
international ; human right
amnesty international urge laos to treat surrender ethnic hmong rebel humanely while lao official claim there be no rebel and no insurgency .
the right group state that lao troop promise rebel amnesty and a live area if they surrender but have receive conflict report as to whether the lao government have uphold this agreement .
on 05 march 2004 amnesty international call on the lao government to ensure that 100 s of ethnic hmong anti @-@ government insurgent and their family who have reportedly surrender be treat humanely .
from its london headquarters amnesty international issue a statement say that the lao people 's democratic republic have international obligation in this regard under the geneva convention and the 2 un covenant .
on 03 march 2004 the u.s. government @-@ fund network radio free asia report --
up to 700 insurgent and their relative and 8 rebel commander surrender after government troop surround several northern holdouts in late february 2004 .
troop use leaflet and megaphone to help communicate to the rebel that authority would grant them amnesty and a special live area if they surrender .
approximately 300 people surrender near luang prabang after traveling on foot from farther north and between 300 and 400 people surrender in xieng khouang province .
amnesty international state it have receive conflict report as to their reception and treatment by the authority .
lao foreign ministry spokesman yong chanthalangsy deny that anyone have surrender insist also that there be no rebel in the impoverished communist nation .
yong chanthalangsy tell afp that no one surrender , that there be no rebel and there be no war in laos .
yong chanthalangsy state that there be many people come out of the forest to take advantage of lao poverty eradication programs .
follow a series of deadly highway ambush and bomb blast the lao government call in august 2003 on hmong and others whom they call ethnic minority bandit to lie down their arm , to come out from the forest and to rejoin society .
the lao government warn that failure to do so would result in heavy consequence .
small band of ethnic minority rebel predominantly hmong remain from the cia @-@ sponsor guerrilla army mobilize to wage the unite state ' secret campaign in laos during the vietnam war .
some 300000 hmong flee to thailand after the communist takeover in laos in 1975 but the remain rebel have continue a low @-@ level , ineffective insurgency for nearly three decade .
the lao military have be accuse by human right group of use harsh and often brutal tactic to eliminate them .
amnesty international call on the lao government to provide un agency and other non @-@ governmental organization access to all those who have put down their arm in order to assist with basic humanitarian need .
amnesty international state --
long term assistance with their reintegration into lao society will also be need .
it be essential that neutral observer be give access to these group of former rebel in order to independently assess their situation and the veracity of ongoing claim of serious human right violation be make by overseas ethnic hmong group .
the lao government should seize this opportunity to find a peaceful solution to decade of fight and the high human cost on all side of the conflict .
in january 2004 , u.s. @-@ based lao exile warn that lao force have launch a new offensive against 1000 s of hmong rebel and civilian and accuse the communist regime of use starvation as a weapon of war .
2004 @-@ 03 @-@ 29
korea , republic of ( kr ) ; china ( cn )
international ; business ; technology
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high @-@ speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
alstom be in competition with japanese and german country for the contract .
29 march 2004 french energy and transport company alstom president patrick kron announce --
alstom may sign a contract to build a high @-@ speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
alstom be compete against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract .
the tender have not be announce by chinese authority .
alstom seek to develop further business in asia .
alstom be well @-@ place to receive the beijing @-@ shanghai rail link contract .
23 march 2004 the high @-@ speed ktx train launch in seoul .
the ktx be manufacture in south korea use technology transfer by alstom .
kron state --
alstom be willing to negotiate a technology transfer deal in china .
a similar technology transfer deal be sign in 1994 for the ktx .
technology transfer be alstom 's entry @-@ ticket to asia .
alstom wish to develop local partnership to reduce cost .
beijing @-@ shanghai rail link represent china 's potential for development in transport include freight , subway and energy .
in 2003 china order as much energy equipment as the rest of the world in total .
the beijing @-@ shanghai rail link would be 1,000 @-@ kilometre ( 620 @-@ mile ) long .
build the beijing @-@ shanghai rail link would cost an estimate 100 million yuan ( 12 million dollar ) .
the beijing @-@ shanghai rail link would reduce traveling time from beijing to shanghai from 12 to 5 hour .
alstom be involve in large @-@ scale infrastructure project the three gorge dam in southwest china and daya bay nuclear thermal power station near hong kong .
beijing be china 's capital .
shanghai be china 's business hub .
shanghai be locate on china 's eastern coast .
2004 @-@ 04 @-@ 24
germany ( de ) ; europe ; france ( fr )
international ; economy ; business
european union company threaten job relocation to the ten country that will join the eu on may 1 , 2004 .
it have cause concern and criticism from the current state that ignore the impending sign for several year .
european union company threaten job relocation to the ten country that will join the eu on may 1 , 2004 .
it have cause concern and criticism from the current state that ignore the impending sign for several year .
unemployment be a chronic problem for several eu state .
the issue in germany have increase temper to near the boil point .
the dihk federation of chamber of commerce in march increase tension by back a campaign for company to stop support germany .
dihk president ludwig georg braun advise company not to wait for better policy .
company should act and take advantage of the opportunity offer by europe 's eastward expansion .
braun 's remark be call unpatriotic by german chancellor gerhard schroeder and parliament president wolfgang thierse .
on april 1 , 2004 siemens say it might move job from its mobile phone and cordless telephone factory in kamp @-@ lintfort and bocholt in germany to hungary .
cost be 30 percent lower in hungary .
former french finance minister francis mer warn company in january that they have a duty to think of their country .
otherwise they will be stateless .
france be urge to increase research fund and support for innovation as a way to deal with the problem .
junior trade minister francois loo say that french auto plant in poland have earn more than two time the amount invest in them .
concern focus on the loss of service and qualify job .
economist be divide .
some say that many transferable post have already move abroad and others predict that the phenomenon will develop further .
new finance minister nicolas sarkozy be look at measure to favor those who do not relocate .
on april 22 , 2004 loo state that there be no french company to loo 's knowledge that be halt production in france to open a factory in the eastern country .
these kind of relocations correspond to a bygone era .
eastern advantage in lower labor astern europe and asia .
the italian employer federation cofindustria see opportunity for investment and trade with the new eu member .
several be close by .
deputy trade minister adolfo urso welcome the entry of neighboring slovenia .
urso say it would provide an open door to the balkans .
many small and medium size italian company have already begin establish themselves in eastern europe , for the most part in romania .
2004 @-@ 00 @-@ 00
albania ( al )
international ; government ; crime
desire admission into the european union , albanian government increase effort against drug traffic by strengthen law , seize illegal drug , and investigate possibly corrupt police official .
under the pressure of the european union the albanian government have escalate its fight against drug traffic by prepare a new strategy to halt the smuggle of hashish and heroin over albanian territory from asia towards the west .
a recent eu report on albania state the situation in albania , which have remain an important country for the traffic of narcotic , be worrisome .
the report suggest the tirana government adopt an efficient strategy in the government 's effort against drug traffic .
albanian interior minister igli toska state --
the fight against drug traffic will be the albanian government 's main challenge in 2004 .
the albanian government have be work on a project of national strategy which will require international support and cooperation .
albania 's geographic position , albania 's trade with turkey and greece , and the situation after the kosovo war be all element albanian criminal group profit from , thereby make albania an important stop for the transit of narcotic .
in july 2004 the albanian government plan to present a set of anti @-@ mafia law which will allow confiscation of property belong to person involve in criminal and illegal activity .
albanian justice minister adrian dvorani state the anti @-@ mafia law also provide for the special protection of witness or people involve in illegal traffic who decide to testify and will enable a more efficient strategy .
albanian official aspire to eu membership .
the albanian government have make a significant development in the government 's fight against drug smuggler in 2004 .
in 2003 albanian police infiltrate an international drug network operate between kosovo , macedonia , albania and italy and control by the kosovo albanian and turkish criminal group link with the calabrian mafia organization n'drangheta .
in may 2004 approximately 100 policemen -- 25 of them in top position -- be dismiss on suspect tie with organized crime .
60 others have be investigate on similar charge .
toska state there will be no smuggler without corrupt policemen and toska announce tough measure against policemen and security official link with criminal group .
the eu report quote the name of several albanian politician directly or indirectly involve in drug traffic but no measure have so far be take against the politician .
albanian police force have seize more than 200 kilo ( 440 pound ) of heroin and around 8 ton of cannabis between november 2003 and may 2004 , double that which be seize in 2003 .
expert say the figure of drug seize be insignificant compare to the estimate quantity of narcotic that be smuggle through albania .
international police expert based in tirana estimate the value of the narcotic in transit at over 2 billion dollar ( about 1.6 billion euros ) per year .
expert estimate the amount smuggle through albania make up approximately 25 to 30 percent of the narcotic smuggle into the european market from the balkans .
albanian police official xhavit shala state albanian smuggler be link to the international criminal organization like ( the italian ) sacra corona unita , cosa nostra , the turkish , russian , macedonian and kosovar mafia , and the colombian drug cartel .
bujar mema of the albanian interpol office state that drug smuggler have reappear due to increase consumption of narcotic in europe and the production of opium from afghanistan , which have reach the level of the year before the us intervention in 2001 with 3600 ton produce in 2003 .
2004 @-@ 06 @-@ 26
myanmar ( mm )
military ; narcotic ; media
myanmar 's military ruler burn approximately 250 million dollar worth of illegal drug to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit traffic .
myanmar 's general khin yii state that opium production have be reduce in myanmar but that methamphetamine production be rise .
on 26 june 2004 myanmar 's military ruler burn over 710 kilogram of opium , 353 kilogram of heroin , 2.6 million methamphetamine pill , and other drug in a make @-@ shift incinerator set up at yangon 's drug elimination museum .
international diplomat witness the incineration .
the incinerate drug have a total value of approximately 247 million dollar .
myanmar 's military ruler incinerate the drug to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit traffic .
one of the head myanmar 's central committee for drug abuse control , general khin yii , state the drug incineration on 26 june 2004 be the 18 th time the regime have incinerate ton of illegal narcotic .
khin yii state that 14.45 billion dollar worth of drug have be destroy since the drug destroy event begin in 1990 .
khin yii state that opium production and poppy cultivation have decline since 1990 but that methamphetamines be replace opium as the main choice of trafficker .
khin yii state that stimulant tablet be become a threat but do not elaborate on the extent of methamphetamine production or traffic .
the unite nation state that opium production have decline by 24 percent in myanmar since 2003 .
in march 2004 the unite state state that while myanmar have reduce poppy cultivation myanmar remain the world 's 2 nd rank supplier of opium from which derivative such as heroin be make .
thai government state in early 2004 that thai government be consider build a high @-@ security fence along thailand 's border with myanmar in a bid to stop smuggler traffic illegal drug into thailand .
2004 @-@ 07 @-@ 19
nicaragua ( ni )
dissent ; government
nicaragua commemorate the 25 th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that topple the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but impose a cuban @-@ style leftist regime .
on 19 july 2004 nicaraguan cardinal miguel obando accept apology and issue a pardon to former sandinista leader daniel oretga .
nicaragua commemorate the 25 th anniversary of the sandinista revolution .
the sandinista revolution end the dictatorship of anastasio somoza and impose a cuban @-@ style leftist regime .
a mass commemorate those who kill during the sandinista revolution and those kill during the sandinista war against us @-@ fund contra rebel in the 1980 s .
during the mass ortega cross himself and ask obando to forgive him .
obando state that the pardon that have be offer and accept be an indispensable premise of a stable and durable peace .
the sandinistas have be accuse of persecute catholic priest during the 1979 @-@ 1990 sandinista rule .
the sandinistas accuse the church of anti @-@ government activity .
the sandinista national liberation front ( fsln ) be currently nicaragua 's primary political opposition group .
the sandinista group be name after agusto cesar sandino .
in the 1930 s agusto cesar sandino fight the us marine that support the government of anastasio somoza 's father .
former fsln guerrilla fighter dora maria tellez state that the sandinista revolution be one of the most influential event in his life .
tellez be in the fsln 's national leadership .
the sandinista government make broad social and political reform .
illiteracy in nicaragua fall from 53 to 12 percent .
home be give to 90000 poor family .
an agrarian reform program distribute 2 million hectare of land to small farmer .
throughout the 1980 s a proxy war between the us and the ussr be fight in nicaragua .
in a war against us @-@ fund right @-@ wing contra rebel --
approximately 50000 people on both side be kill .
sandinista financial reserve be drain .
1000 s of land mine be still on nicaragua 's northern border .
nicaraguans be uneasy with the sandinista legacy .
former vice president under ortega sergio ramirez state --
there be plenty of open wound from the sandinista legacy .
nicaragua have not reconcile how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution .
more than half of nicaragua be not yet born when the fsln end somoza 's nearly 50 year @-@ old dictatorship in 1979 .
former guerrilla leader eden pastora state that the revolution be one of the most beautiful revolution in latin america .
pastora leave the sandinistas and lead rebel in a fail attempt to topple sandinista regime .
many other sandinista leader leave ortega and ortega 's hard @-@ line supporter in the 1990 s .
the sandinista party remain well run .
the sandinista party have be out of power since 1990 .
nicaragua be run by right @-@ wing party .
current nicaraguan president enrique bolanos state that the sandinista party have nothing to celebrate because they do much damage to nicaragua .
leftist group from across the americas met over the weekend to discuss regional issue as part of the anniversary event .
2004 @-@ 07 @-@ 19
china ( cn ) ; taiwan ( tw )
terrorism ; dissent ; telecom ; international
suspect chinese hackers have attack the website of taiwan 's military news agency .
the hackers replace the agency 's homepage with the slogan reunification with taiwan in 2021 .
20 july 2004 -- suspected chinese hackers have attack the website of taiwan 's military news agency .
the taiwan defense ministry announce that --
the attack take place on the night of 19 july 2004 .
the attack take place 2 day before the taiwanese air force be schedule to practice emergency landing on a freeway .
the hackers replace the agency 's homepage with the slogan reunification with taiwan in 2021 .
the agency affiliate with the taiwan defense ministry be force to close down its website .
an identical attack occur in june 2004 .
suspect chinese hackers attack taiwan president chen shui @-@ bian 's pro @-@ independence democratic progressive party 's website .
last week hong kong 's wen wei po daily newspaper quote chinese military source as state that taiwan must rejoin china or face military action within 20 year .
wen wei po state that --
china 's threat be the first @-@ ever ultimatum to reclaim sovereignty over taiwan .
china issue an ultimatum to taiwan in response to taiwan 's recent pro @-@ independence provocation .
unnamed military source state --
former chinese president and central military commission chairman jiang zemin discuss use force to achieve taiwan 's reunification in a speech at a beijing military conference .
taiwan 's emergency land practice be a measure against an attack by china .
t2 french @-@ make mirage 2000 @-@ 5s be schedule to land , refuel and load ammunition on the road in tainan , southern taiwan .
defense ministry spokesman huang suey @-@ sheng state that practice landing be design to review the tawainese air force 's capability in use freeway for emergency landing and logistic support in case of war .
china have increase rhetoric since chen 's re @-@ election in march 2004 .
china reiterate a long @-@ stand vow to take taiwan by force should chen attempt to claim formal independence .
china have consider taiwan part of chinese territory since china and taiwan split at the end of a civil war in 1949 .
china await china 's reunification with taiwan .
wen wei po newspaper be pro @-@ beijing .
2004 @-@ 07 @-@ 20
malaysia ( my ) ; china ( cn )
international ; weapon ; technology ; government
malaysia have agree in principle to purchase medium @-@ range missile from china .
china will transfer technology relate to very short @-@ range air defense to malaysia in return .
malaysian deputy prime minister najib razak say 040720 that malaysia have agree in principle to purchase medium @-@ range missile from china .
the bernama news agency say that under the pact between china national precision machinery import and export corp. and two local company , cnpmiec would transfer technology on production of the fn @-@ 6 shoulder @-@ launch missile if malaysia purchase cnpmiec 's medium @-@ range ks @-@ 1 a missile .
included be provision for special test facility , tool , manufacture process documentation , train and technical support .
razak say after sign a memorandum of understand on the purchase that if the malaysian government give its full commitment , detail of the procurement and offset program will be finalize later .
razak be quote by bernama as say that the procurement of the surface @-@ to @-@ air missile be part of the malaysian arm force modernization program and would be make under the 9 th malaysian plan from 060000 @-@ 090000 .
the cost of the weapon be not reveal .
cnpmiec president wang bingyan say china have also offer to conclude the ks @-@ 1 a transaction on flexible payment term , include counter @-@ trade , barter and defer payment .
bernama say malaysia have procure very short @-@ range air defense system from russia , pakistan and britain under the 8 th malaysian plan from 010000 @-@ 050000 .
the government have dramatically increase major arm procurements in 030000 @-@ 040000 , range from russian sukhoi fighter jet and british missile system to french submarine and polish attack tank .
the government of malaysia have deny the weapon build @-@ up could spark an arm race in the region and say the purchase be simply design to upgrade defenses and that there be no aggressive intention .
2004 @-@ 07 @-@ 28
pakistan ( pk ) ; china ( cn )
international ; energy
pakistan approve installation of second nuclear power plant to be supply by long @-@ time ally and defense supplier china .
the plant will be construct next to an exist plant and be project to be operational in 7 year .
prime minister @-@ in @-@ wait shaukat aziz state 28 july 2004 that pakistan 's top economic body approve the installation of a second nuclear power plant to be supply by china .
finance minister aziz state on national television that the national economic council have approve phase 2 of the chashma nuclear power project to cost approximately 51 billion rupee ( 880 million u.s. dollar ) .
the plant will generate 300 megawatts of electricity .
a statement issue by the executive committee on the national economic council say --
it have approve installation of a nuclear power plant approximately 174 mile south of islamabad at chashma , mianwali .
the project comprise a nuclear steam supply system , a turbine generator set and auxiliary equipment include electrical , mechanical and civil work .
the project anticipate technology transfer with the ultimate goal that the pakistan atomic energy commission would be self @-@ sufficient in all aspect of design , installation , construction and operation .
the plant will be construct next to an exist plant also supply by china and operational since 1999 .
the second plant will be ready to generate electricity in 7 year .
the agreement to install the plant be sign in may 2004 by china national nuclear corporation president kang rixin and pakistan atomic energy commission chairman pervez butt in islamabad .
pakistan have relied heavily on long @-@ time friend and ally china for its defense need since 1990 when the unite state stop supply it with military hardware because of its nuclear program .
pakistan confirm it have nuclear weapon in may 1998 when it match test conduct by india .
2004 @-@ 08 @-@ 07
japan ( jp ) ; china ( cn )
international ; technology
chinese hackers be suspect of attempt to hack the website of japanese war shrine yasukuni shrine .
this hack attempt have coincide with the asian cup final , which lead some analyst to believe that the suspected attack be run @-@ up to the football final between japan and china .
the website of a controversial war shrine in toyko call yasukuni shrine experience many abnormal visit from abroad on august 7 , 2004 .
the abnormal visit cause the website to have browse problem .
at one point more than 30000 visit to the yasukuni shrine website be make at the same time .
the homepage of the website of yasukuni shrine be not damage by the hack attempt .
no official be immediately available from yasukuni shrine to confirm the report .
yasukuni shrine and japanese government office may have come under cyber attack from chinese hackers in the run @-@ up to the asian cup football final between japan and china in beijing on august 7 , 2004 .
the suspect cyber attack on yasukuni shrine 's website coincide with rowdy behavior by chinese fan who have repeatedly boo the japanese football team and anthem as the japanese football team enter the asian cup final against the host china .
a pro @-@ beijing newspaper in hong kong state that chinese hackers be mobilize 1900 people to wage cyber attack on more than 200 official websites in japan and taiwan from august 1 , 2004 until august 8 , 2004 .
the wen wei po state on august 6 , 2004 that the chinese hackers be think to have be organize by the china federation of defend the diaoyu island .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi and his predecessor have anger asian neighbors who suffer under japanese occupation by make pilgrimage to yasukuni shrine .
china , republic of korea and the democratic republic of korea be especially anger .
yasukuni shrine be widely see in asia as a symbol of japan 's militarism .
yasukuni shrine honors the japanese who die in war , include the world war ii leader hang by the us lead ally as war criminal .
the diaoyu island be a group of east china sea islet claim by japan , china and taiwan .
2004 @-@ 11 @-@ 04
republic of korea ( kr ) ; taiwan ( tw )
international ; technology ; government
taiwan 's promos dismiss report that its technology transfer agreement with south korea 's hynix might falter due to concern from south korean government over help foreign competitor .
the company have exchange information and establish a long @-@ term strategic alliance to share technology .
taiwan 's promos technology inc. dismiss report 04 november 2004 that its technology transfer agreement with south korea 's hynix semiconductor inc. might falter due to concern from the government of south korea .
a promos official state to afp --
report that the south korean government be concern that hynix would be help foreign competitor by establish a partnership with promos be not true .
the pending agreement be unaffected .
promos will adopt hynix 's 90 nanometer technology at its new plant in central taiwan start in fourth quarter 2005 .
both maker of dynamic random access memory ( dram ) chip have exchange information on hynix 's 90 and 70 nanometer technology .
the company promos state that it have pass on to hynix its expertise in 12 @-@ inch ( 300 millimeter ) production .
the 2 dram maker sign a memorandum of understand ( mou ) in 2003 to initiate a long @-@ term strategic alliance in technology license , foundry service and development of new generation memory production process .
hynix state that the new alliance would represent nearly one quarter of the world 's dram output .
the mou state that hynix will license to promos certain proprietary technology for dram stack process while promos offer hynix its 12 @-@ inch fabrication capacity .
2005 @-@ 02 @-@ 22
afghanistan ( af )
narcotic
afghanistan 's new special narcotic force seize and destroy more than four ton of drug , seize equipment and weapon , and detain 10 people in a major operation in southern helmand province .
the afghanistan interior ministry make a statement 050222 that approximately 47 kilogram ( 103 pound ) of brown heroin , 830 kilogram of opium , 3.5 ton of hashish and an opium press have be destroy by the special narcotic force .
the statement also say the special narcotic force also seize 47 weapon and detain 10 people in helmand province .
no further detail be give and the ministry do not say whether the 10 people arrest be trafficker or ordinary farmer who be grow the narcotic .
afghanistan 's special narcotic force be launch 040000 after be train by british commando .
afghanistan be now the lead producer of opium and grow 87 percent of the world 's supply of the narcotic accord to un figure .
afghanistan have a 64 percent increase in opium production in 040000 and have also become a base for heroin refine over 040000 .
the afghan government be receive support by the international community in take a hard line on the issue .
president hamid karzai declare a holy war on drug shortly after be elect president in 041000
the us have pledge $ 780 million to battle afghanistan 's burgeon drug industry .
british foreign minister jack straw say during a visit to kabul 040213 @-@ 040219 that london would double its fund for fight the drug industry problem from $ 50 million dollar to $ 100 million start from the next financial year begin 050400 .
2005 @-@ 03 @-@ 17
japan ( jp )
international ; technology ; dissent
cyber attack target japanese foreign ministry homepage .
a japanese official blame south korean hackers for the attack , cite the passage of a japanese resolution that stress the japanese government 's claim to an island chain control by south korea .
a massive amount of information flood the homepage of the japanese foreign ministry , www.mofa.go.jp , begin at 9 @:@ 50 am ( 0050 gmt ) on 17 march 2005 .
access to the website have be erratic .
japanese foreign press secretary hatsuhisa takashima term the flood of information a cyber attack and state that official be work to fix the problem .
kyodo news cite a japanese government source and state the latest attack may have come from south korea .
on 16 march 2005 a japanese local assembly pass a resolution stress the japanese government 's claim to a small island chain control by south korea .
anti @-@ japanese protest occur in seoul after the passage of the resolution .
japanese government websites have come under occasional cyber attack especially from country which japan invade in the first half of the 20 th century .
in january 2005 , administrator of the yasukuni shrine dedicate to japan 's war dead state the yasukuni shrine 's website had be the target of internet attack .
most of these attack be via e @-@ mail write in chinese .
in 2000 , hackers accessed japanese government websites and leave message in chinese and english range from insult to attack on japan 's wartime past , after japanese conservative group hold a forum in the western city of osaka to deny the 1937 massacre in the chinese city of nanjing by japanese troop .
2005 @-@ 03 @-@ 21
taiwan ( tw )
international ; crime ; business ; technology ; telecom
taiwan 's chip company unite microelectronics corp ( umc ) announce on march 21 , 2005 that it would obtain a 15 percent stake in china @-@ based chipmaker hejian technology through a compensation package .
taiwan 's chip company unite microelectronics corp ( umc ) announce on march 21 , 2005 that it would obtain a 15 percent stake in china @-@ based chipmaker hejian technology through a compensation package .
the stake be value at 3.5 billion taiwan dollar ( 110 million us dollar ) and the investment go to the core of cross @-@ strait investment tie .
both company be be investigate in taiwan for alleged breach of trust .
umc chairman robert tsao say the company have submit a letter to taiwan 's investment commission ask for assistance in transfer the stake .
it say it be compensation for previous assistance .
umc manufacture cut @-@ edge microchips .
the chip be install in a wide range of computer and electronics find in mobile phone , television and car .
the technology be highly prize in taiwan .
market analyst believe the assistance involve a technology transfer from umc to hejian and the compensation through the stake represent a payment .
no cash change hand .
tsao say the letter follow a verbal promise make by hejian technology to pay umc a reasonable amount of compensation .
that include a commitment to merge the two company .
tsao say no formal write agreement have be sign .
both company would next seek a strategic partnership if the investment commission approve the deal .
umc be the world 's second largest wafer foundry and have recognize its investment in hejian which have previously be deny .
taiwan authority lift a ban in march 2002 on mainland @-@ bound investment in eight @-@ inch ( 200 millimeter ) silicon wafer plant .
this follow assurance from potential investor that the island would not lose out on transfer technology .
prosecutor raid the home and office of umc executive in february 2005 as part of a probe into the alleged illegal supply of fund , technology and human resource to hejian .
hejian be found in november 2001 with capital of 350 million u.s. dollar .
its chairman hsu chien @-@ hua have be bar from leave taiwan after be bail out of police custody for 10 million taiwan dollar .
tsao and umc vice chairman john hsuan have also be name as defendant in on @-@ go investigation .
umc have never seek government approval for china @-@ bound investment .
the company have previously call hejian technology a friendly company while deny any financial tie between the two .
only umc peer taiwan semiconductor manufacture co. have receive official approval to build a plant in shanghai .
taiwan semiconductor manufacture co. be the world 's biggest contract microchip @-@ maker .
2005 @-@ 03 @-@ 22
india ( in )
international ; technology ; military
india be expect to close a $ 2 billion dollar deal to buy 6 french scorpene submarine in a few day .
this deal have be in process for several year and will strengthen india 's military capability .
vice @-@ chief of naval staff yashwant prasad in india state march 22 , 2005 that india will close a $ 2 billion dollar deal under which the indian navy will buy 6 french scorpene submarine in a few day .
the deal have be in process for several year .
the deal will also include a technology transfer that will allow the scorpene submarine to be manufacture under license in india at the mazagaon dock off the western city of bombay .
the goal of the submarine deal be to strengthen a weakness in india 's conventional military capability .
a source in the prime minister 's office state that the deal be on the agenda of the next security cabinet meet on march 29 , 2005 .
a naval official state that the final approval for the project be discuss when french chief of defense staff general henri bentegeat visit india in february , 2005 .
a naval official state that once the deal be approve the first submarine will not be ready for induction for at least 6 year .
the naval official also state that by the time the first submarine be ready for induction some of the older boat in india 's fleet of 16 diesel @-@ electric submarine will be ready for decommission .
2005 @-@ 05 @-@ 19
cambodia ( kh ) ; china ( cn ) ; lao people 's democratic republic ( la ) ; myanmar ( mm ) ; thailand ( th ) ; vietnam ( vn )
narcotic ; international ; politics ; crime
mekong country meet in cambodia to pledge new anti @-@ drug commitment and revisit 1993 anti @-@ drug pact
20050519 minister and official from country surround the mekong river ( cambodia , china , laos , myanmar , thailand and vietnam ) meet to discuss the progress of a 1993 pact aim at stem illicit drug in the sixth semiannual ministerial meet in siem reap , northwestern cambodia .
the un office on drug and crime ( unodc ) state that the country adopt the siem reap declaration as a renew commitment to act against the region 's expand drug trade .
the country discuss exchange information , control chemical need to make illicit drug , control amphetamine , provide drug treatment and sustainable alternative development .
5 project worth 10.6 million dollar be currently in operation under an action plan implement as part of the 1993 pact with undoc .
cambodian prime minister hun sen open the meet and state --
regional cross @-@ border crime flourish due to increasingly open border and more amicable economic and social relation among country in the region .
produce and traffic illegal drug be only 1 aspect of organize transnational crime .
money launder be a particular concern for the mekong sub @-@ region because this money will fund terrorist activity .
cambodia be consider an increasingly important trans @-@ shipment point for illicit drug in the region .
myanmar be the 2 nd largest opium producer globally and the unite state have criticize myanmar for fail to meet international anti @-@ drug commitment .
siem reap be the gateway town to the angkor wat temple complex .
2005 @-@ 06 @-@ 01
unite kingdom ( gb )
terrorism ; technology ; telecom
expert warn of new cyber attack encrypting document and extorting payment for decryption .
1 case report with potentially many in future .
software protection company warn of a new form of cyper @-@ attack call ransomware .
if it install successfully , ransomware encrypts text file and display a ransom note demand 200 dollar to supply decryption software to restore the data to its original form .
20050601 anti @-@ virus program manufacturer symantec state on its website ( http : //www.symantec.com/avcenter/venc/data/trojan.pgpcoder.html ) that the attack program be a trojan horse .
trojan horse do not replicate from machine to machine as virus do .
symantec state that the ransomware enter the computer via weakness in the victim 's web browser and then scan the hard drive and encrypts any text @-@ based document find .
20050604 the british weekly new scientist state that 1 case of ransomware have be discover which may pioneer a new and dangerous generation of malicious software .
the know ransomware program be titled pgpcoder in an attempt to undermine the legal , popular and highly secure encryption product pretty good privacy .
new scientist state that the california web @-@ filter company websense discover pgpcoder and notify the fbi .
pgpcoder use an unsophisticated algorithm to encrypt the data so that a computer consultant be able to decode the document easily .
new scientist state that future virus writer may compel victim to pay by encrypting file use military @-@ grade system .
ransomware 's weakness be that the demand include a traceable contact email address and electronic bank account .
2005 @-@ 06 @-@ 03
syria ( sy )
international ; weapon ; military
israeli military official state that syria test fire three scud missile a week ago in an act of defiance to the unite state and the unite nation , the new york time .
one of the missile break up over two turkish village .
it cause no injury .
on june 3 , 2005 israeli military official state in the new york time that syria test fire three scud missile a week ago in an act of defiance to the unite state and the unite nation .
one of the missile break up over two turkish village .
it cause no injury .
the official state the missile test be normal .
it be syria 's first since 2001 and cause embarrassment to turkey .
syria decide to make the missile test public because the u.s. silence about them be unsettle .
the israeli official in tel aviv tell the daily that the missile test be part of a syrian missile development project use north korean technology .
the three missile be the older scud b that have a range of 300 kilometers ( 185 mile ) and two scud d 's with a range of 700 kilometers ( 435 mile ) .
the missile be design to deliver air @-@ burst chemical weapon .
the official say the launchings on may 27 , 2003 be syrian president bashir al @-@ assad 's response to u.s. and un pressure that force al @-@ assad to withdraw syrian troop from neighboring lebanon .
this be in the wake of the february assassination of former prime minister rafik harari .
a senior israeli military official say the test be probably need for the missile project but bashir be take a risk and send a message .
anti @-@ syrian journalist samir kassir be kill june 2 , 2005 when a bomb explode under kassir 's car in beirut .
the attack be blame on the pro @-@ syrian regime and widely condemn at home and abroad .
syria angrily deny the accusation through its official news agency , sana .
the israeli official say the syrian missile be launch from northern syria newar minakh .
one be send about 400 kilometers ( 250 mile ) to southernmost syria near the jordanian border .
the missile that that broke up be launch southwest toward the mediterranean , over the turkish province of hatay and shed debris over two village there .
the israelis say they have film of the launch and breakup .
the turkish ambassador to the unite state osman faruk logoglu tell the new york time there be no casualty in the missile breakup .
osman faruk logoglu add that syria have apologize for the technical mishap .
2005 @-@ 06 @-@ 05
taiwan ( tw )
international ; weapon
taiwan successfully fire its first cruise missile .
this will enable taiwan to hit major military target in southeast china .
050605 the china time report that taiwan have successfully test fire the hsiung feng its first cruise missile enable taiwan to hit major military target in southeast china .
the china time state that the hsiung feng cruise missile be develop by the military @-@ run chungshan institute of science and technology , have a range of 1,000 kilometers ( 600 mile ) and could be use to attack military base in southeast china .
the china time state that once the missile be deploy it would mark the first time that taiwan be able to put strategic weapon into use and that the political and military impact of this would be far @-@ reach .
the time say defense minister lee jye witness the test fire of the missile from chiupeng military base in the southern pingtung county and that the missile flew over 500 kilometers ( 300 mile ) before hit its target .
the defense ministry decline to comment on the report .
the report do not specify when the test take place but speculate that it could have be in march .
the missile be expect to go into pilot production later in 050000 or 060000 .
taiwan be strive to build up its missile defense capability to counter the military threat from china .
official state that china have targeted taiwan with approximately 700 ballistic missile .
taiwan 's cabinet approve a revise arm deal with the unite state in 050500 worth almost 15.5 billion dollar after a previous proposal be reject by parliament .
the arm package over a 15 @-@ year period begin in 050000 include 8 conventional submarine , a modified version of the patriot anti @-@ missile system and a fleet of anti @-@ submarine aircraft .
the package be pending final approval by parliament .
this large budget proposal have provoke debate taiwan as critic say the spend could further provoke china and heighten cross @-@ strait tension .
china consider taiwan part of its territory await reunification since they split at the end of the civil war in 490000 , and have repeatedly threaten to invade if taiwan move towards formal independence .
2005 @-@ 07 @-@ 08
brazil ( br ) ; unite state ( us )
international ; health ; money
brazilian government and abbott laboratory agree on lower price for aid drug kaletra in response to brazilian threat to violate the patent .
accord to who study the price of the drug be exorbitant and the brazilian government demand that abbot lower the price .
on 08 july 2005 brazil 's ministry of health state that u.s. company abbott laboratory have agree to reduce the price of its hiv @/@ aid drug kaletra to prevent brazil from violate the company 's patent as it have threaten .
the ministry say in a statement --
the agreement make with abbott guarantee the ministry 's propose objective ensure a significant price cut for the drug over the next 6 year .
abbott agree to a technology transfer procedure so that brazil 's state @-@ run farmanguinhos laboratory can begin produce kaletra in 2009 .
the agreement guarantee access to meltrex by brazilian patient .
meltrex be an update version of kaletra that be pending approval by u.s. health authority .
over the 6 year which the agreement cover brazil expect to save up to 259 million u.s. dollar in drug purchase .
the ministry recently state that an agreement with abbott would save brazil 18 million u.s. dollar in its 2006 budget to provide aid patient free anti @-@ aid treatment consisting of a cocktail of anti @-@ retroviral drug include kaletra .
currently 24000 patient in brazil receive kaletra .
the number be expect to increase to 60000 by 2011 .
on 24 june 2005 brazil declare kaletra a drug of national interest and demand that abbott decide within 10 day to either agree to lower its price for the drug or face a violation of its patent .
on 24 june 2005 brazilian health minister humberto costa state that the price pay by the brazilian government to purchase kaletra represent a yearly cost of 2630 u.s. dollar per patient .
costa state that this price be consider exorbitant because study of the world health organization ( wto ) show that for large @-@ scale production the fair price include a considerable margin of profit should range from 480 to 540 u.s. dollar per patient per year .
costa state that brazil plan to have a less expensive generic copy of the patent drug produce locally by a state @-@ own company .
illinois @-@ based abbott state that brazil 's demand be illegal and warn that develop unproven alternative hiv medication pose significant consequence for patient .
abbott state that it remain open to an agreeable solution .
2005 @-@ 07 @-@ 15
pakistan ( pk ) ; unite kingdom ( gb )
international ; terrorism
pakistani analyst say that pakistan 's network of madrassas have close link with islamic extremist in britain , who supply them with extremist recruit and fund .
pakistani analyst say on 050715 that pakistan 's network of madrassa islamic school have close link with islamic extremist in britain , who supply them with extremist recruit and vital fund .
on 050714 british foreign secretary jack straw express concern over what go on in some pakistani madrassas .
it have emerge that shehzad tanweer be one of the terrorist who carry out the bomb of an underground subway train at aldgate in east london .
tanweer be say by his uncle to have go in 041200 to a pakistani madrassa , want to learn to recite the koran by heart .
source in pakistan say that british authority should look inside british border where the south asian community be turn to increasingly extremist religious view .
kamila hyat of pakistan 's human right commision say that militancy be be export in the reverse direction .
young pakistanis come from britain have very extreme and hard @-@ line view and view british culture as decadent .
when pakistani @-@ british youngster come to pakistan they be surprise to see women walk around without burqas .
analyst say tanweer 's trip to pakistan be by no mean unusual , as many pakistani family who emigrate some 40 or 50 year ago and settle in britain send their children for religious teach at madrassas .
hyat say they want to ensure their children be not alienate from their family faith and hope a brief stint of a few term will help grind them in islamic and pakistani culture .
hyat say that complaint have nonetheless be receive from parent in pakistan who be very concern about teenager who graduate and then go back to the uk for university .
the parent of some madrassa student be say that the young men be somewhat confuse when away from the uk for the first time and be consistently be approach by other pakistanis or by arabs who attempt to get them to join extremist group .
such student bring extremism back to the uk when come back home .
madrassas continue to produce a peculiar state of mind in student , say hasan askari .
askari be the former head of political science department at lahore 's punjab university .
askari say that these student have a state of mind of religious orthodoxy be vulnerable to violence and extremism .
some of the radical religious school in pakistan have thrive on fund regularly come from supporter among the muslim community in britain .
security source say that in one case , several thousand pound be send to outlaw sipah @-@ e @-@ sahaba of pakistan in 030000 .
pakistani security official inform the british authority and identify the man who sent the money as mullah hamid .
mullah hamid be a prayer leader in a mosque in glasgow .
pakistan admit that some of the estimate 10,000 madrassas in pakistan be breed ground for extremism .
madrassas have be a part of muslim social life on the indian subcontinent for decade .
in the 1980 s they become a recruit ground for the us @-@ sponsor militant movement against the soviet occupation of neighboring afghanistan .
president pervez musharraf have be campaign since early 030000 for reform of madrassas .
many madrassas be unregulated and the international crisis group say 1.5 million student attend such islamic school .
education minister javed ashraf state on 050715 that effort be work to get madrassa leader to broaden the curriculum beyond rote koranic learn and to encompass useful and employable skill .
2005 @-@ 07 @-@ 18
unite kingdom ( gb )
terrorism ; international ; telecom
20050705 terrorist attack may prompt counter @-@ extremism measure sufficient to force islamist militant organization in london into convert operation via the internet .
anti @-@ terrorist law in the uk strengthen and suspect extremist be pursue more aggressively after the 20010911 attack in the us .
the 20050707 terrorist attack that kill 56 on london underground train and a double @-@ decker bus prompt demand for further anti @-@ terror law and surveillance of islamist militant .
director of the center for the study of terrorism at the university of st. andrews in scotland magnus ranstorp state that the militant may be force underground into the cybersphere , which have potential utility for command , communication , and especially recruitment .
londonistan be the islamist core operate in london .
the two main component of londonistan be the international jihad movement and the exiled opposition to current arab or muslim regime .
londonistan emerge in the 1990 s because london be a center for finance and arabic media and because of britain 's lenient asylum law .
20050718 the royal institute of international affair ( chatham house ) state --
by the mid @-@ 1990 s british intelligence agency and police be aware that london be expand as a base for promoter , funders , and planner of terrorism in the middle east and elsewhere .
official do not perceive any threat to national security and the individual continue their activity with relative impunity .
ranstorm state that the militant have previously cautiously avoid incitement to violence .
foreign government oppose the british government 's passive policy .
government crackdown --
in 2004 british authority dismantle the finsbury park mosque in london , the previous venue of salafist jihadists .
since then the militant have move to informal area , study group , and youth centers .
the former imam of finsbury park mosque be egyptian @-@ born abu hamza al @-@ masri .
masri be cripple with 1 eye and 1 arm and be incarcerate in belmarsh prison await a 20060100 trial on charge of incite racial hatred and murder .
abu qatada be a palestinian consider the spiritual chief for al @-@ qaeda in europe .
he be under house arrest after serve 2.5 year at belmarsh .
french researcher dominique thomas state --
the remain preacher must adopt a clandestine attitude or risk surveillance or arrest .
islamist group such as those seek reform in saudi arabia , egypt , or libya will be stymie .
londonistan 's imminent disappearance may force militant to seek a clandestine meet place on the internet .
there be a number of websites manage or administer from london and the internet facilitate global connection .
20041000 the syrian founder of the radical al @-@ muhajiroun movement omar bakri relocate his organization to internet chat room .
2005 @-@ 09 @-@ 12
france ( fr ) ; india ( in )
international ; technology ; military ; government ; leader ; money
french president chirac confirm 2.4 billion euro purchase of 6 franco @-@ spanish submarine .
indian airline additionally purchase 43 airbus plane for 1.8 billion euros .
20050912 french president jacques chirac meet with indian prime minister manmohan singh at the president 's paris office and confirm india 's 2.4 billion euro purchase of 6 franco @-@ spanish scorpene submarine .
the submarine deal stipulate that the franco @-@ spanish make vessel be assemble in mumbai as part of a technology transfer agreement .
the french government have pursue the deal enthusiastically .
chirac additionally confirm the state @-@ run indian airline ' 1.8 billion euro purchase of 43 airbus passenger aircraft previously announce by singh and indian airline .
chirac state --
chirac welcome the deal as a measure of friendship , trust and cooperation between france and india .
chirac and singh will discuss counter @-@ terrorism and india 's bid for a permanent seat on the un security council and desire to develop the country 's civilian nuclear energy sector .
indian navy spokesman commander vina garg state in new delhi --
the submarine contract have yet to be officially confirm but pending clearance the submarine construction will commence .
the submarine will benefit the indian navy 's overall force level .
the diesel @-@ electric submarine be design for coastal defense .
the vessel be 65 meter long , contain sophisticate detection equipment , 6 torpedo tube and missile launchers and can remain at sea up to 45 day with a crew of 31 and dive 300 meter .
singh be the first foreign leader to meet with chirac since be release from the hospital on 20050909 after a report minor vascular problem affect his vision .
2005 @-@ 09 @-@ 19
spain ( es )
weapon ; crime
spain detain suspect neo @-@ nazi group in the eastern valencia region on suspicion of possession and traffic of weapon .
expert claim there be approximately 70 extremist group in 70 spanish city comprise 11000 people .
on 19 september 2005 spain detain suspect neo @-@ nazi group in spain 's eastern valencia region .
a regional court spokesman announce --
on 17 @-@ 18 september 2005 spain detain the group on suspicion of possession and traffic of weapon .
group be charge with break law of illegal association and risk public health .
last week spain arrest 20 suspect extremist .
3 suspect extremist be release on bail .
1 suspect extremist be provisionally release without bail .
the regional court spokesman state that 4 suspect extremist have not yet be question .
the suspect neo @-@ nazi group be reputedly a member of the anti @-@ system front ( afs ) .
judicial authority believe the suspect neo @-@ nazi group have organised violent raid against rival group .
on 17 2005 spain 's interior ministry state that police uncover illegal item and arm of the kind use in raid against rival group .
pressure group movement against intolerance claim there be approximately 70 extremist group in approximately 70 spanish city .
this estimate be based on 10 @-@ year @-@ old official figure .
the extremist group be comprise of approximately 11000 people .
neo @-@ nazi censure of democracy group claim the total number of extremist be approximately 15000 .
2005 @-@ 10 @-@ 10
europe ; china ( cn )
international ; economy
china 's research and development spend will catch up with that of the eu in 090000 or 100000 if current spend trend continue .
condition for research and development in some emerge market like china may be surpass europe 's , so european company be transfer some of their investment there .
the financial time report 051010 that in just 5 year china will be spend proportionally more on research and development than the european union .
eu commissioner for research janez potocnik tell the financial time that the chinese trend be extremely clear .
potocnik say that china will catch up with the eu in 090000 or 100000 if the trend continue .
the financial time say research and development investment in china be 1.31 percent of gdp in 030000 but be rise at a double @-@ digit rate .
the financial time say that at present growth rate , the eu 's public and private spend on research and development be set to rise from 1.93 percent of gross domestic product in 030000 to 2.2 percent in 100000 .
this be well short of the 3 percent target agree by eu head of government as part of the 020000 lisbon strategy .
potocnik be quote as say that the condition for research and development in some emerge market like china be improve and it be obvious that european company be transfer some of their investment there .
potocnik be worry about europe 's unfavorable research and development environment range from excessive red tape to insufficient corporate tax incentive and continue divergence in intellectual property protection and patent .
in response to the research and development boom in country such as china and india , the eu government will this week table new proposal to help retain and attract research fund in the eu .
an eu government plan to double the eu 's own research and development budget to 70 billion euro over 060000 @-@ 110000 be shelve in june amid a dispute among eu leader over future eu fund .
2005 @-@ 10 @-@ 18
india ( in ) ; pakistan ( pk )
weather and natural disaster ; war and conflict ; terrorism
deadly attack in india continue despite death of pakistani kashmir rebel and destruction of group infrastructure due to earthquake .
there be conflict opinion as to the extent of damage suffer by the insurgency .
rebel fight continue despite loss suffer by islamic rebel in pakistan @-@ rule kashmir in the massive earthquake .
the indian government be attempt to assess the extent of loss suffer by rebel .
police state that on 18 october 2005 2 militant enter the fortify srinagar home of junior education minister ghulam nabi lone of the people 's democratic party ( pdf ) and shoot him to death .
2 policeman and 1 of the attacker also die and 5 others be injure in the gunfight .
the attack occur less than 1 day after suspect rebel shot and kill a prominent communist politician in indian kashmir .
the daily violence have continue despite a ceasefire declaration in area affect by the 08 october 2005 earthquake .
the violence that have occur since the earthquake have be attributed to an umbrella group of separatist call the unite jihad council .
some insurgent have join relief effort .
the indian military have not react to insurgent ' relief effort and have continue counter @-@ insurgency operation .
the army state that while it direct aid work it have also kill more than 30 militant since the earthquake .
federal intelligence agency have be work to assess the damage to insurgent in and around muzaffarabad .
muzaffarabad be the militant ' headquarters and the capital of pakistani kashmir .
army chief general j. j. singh state --
the epicenter of the 7.6 @-@ magnitude earthquake be in muzaffarabad and cause damage among the militant group .
all the terrorist infrastructure in and around muzaffarabad be destroy and many innocent people die .
it be premature to state with certainty what impact the earthquake have have on the militant group as infrastructure remain intact in other area in pakistan .
the militant group be seek either independence for kashmir or absorption into pakistan .
over 1300 people in indian kashmir and 41000 people in pakistan be kill in the earthquake .
the indian government accuse the pakistani government of train , arm and fund the islamic rebellion .
the pakistani government deny this charge but state that it do extend moral , political and diplomatic support to kashmiri separatist .
head of military operation in indian kashmir brigadier madan gopal express confidence on 17 october 2005 that many of the militant have be kill .
gopal state that the hizbul mujahedin and the lashkar @-@ e @-@ toiba have suffer major loss in the earthquake on the pakistani side .
hizbul mujahedin and lashkar @-@ e @-@ toiba be group that carry out frequent attack .
violence continue despite conflict opinion on the extent of damage suffer by the rebel group .
retire general v. n. sharma reject suggestion that the earthquake have critically damage the core of the insurgency .
sharma be india 's army chief when the insurgency erupt in 1989 .
sharma state that such suggestion be unrealistic .
sharma state that he do not think the insurgency have be destroy because the group be mobile unit and live in tented accommodation .
sharma state that the destruction of a few communication centers or sub @-@ command post have little affect on the great organization .
approximately 44000 people have die in the insurgency .
head of the military @-@ fund institute of defense study and analysis in new delhi uday bhaskar also warn against complacency state that loss of firepower and manpower be unimportant .
bhaskar state that the militant will soon regroup because they be highly motivate and believe they can achieve their goal of free kashmir from indian control with violence .
the indian government be also take a cautious approach .
indian defense minister pranab mukherjee on 17 october 2005 call for vigilance along the 430 @-@ mile de facto border which divide the two kashmirs .
mukherjee state --
militant have attempt to infiltrate indian kashmir approximately 5 time since 08 october 2005 include twice on a single day .
some of the militant want to take advantage of the unstable situation in the region .
the presence of civilian among the troop on relief work could help militant cross the de facto border .
there could be more infiltration attempt next week before winter snow block the mountain pass .
2005 @-@ 12 @-@ 06
france ( fr ) ; china ( cn )
international ; technology ; science ; government ; energy ; business ; money ; leader
during a 4 @-@ day tour of france chinese prime minister wen state that french company areva must improve its offer for a nuclear reactor deal with regard to price and technology transfer .
wen also sign a deal to initiate student exchange programs and attempt to allay anxiety about china 's rapidly grow power .
on 06 december 2005 chinese prime minister wen jiabao state that in order to win a contract to build third @-@ generation nuclear reactor in china france must improve its offer in term of both cost and transfer of technology .
wen be speak on the 3 rd day of a 4 @-@ day visit to france .
on a tour of the elite polytechnique science university in the southern suburb of paris wen state that china hope france will offer more attractive condition on technology transfer as well as price so that franco @-@ chinese cooperation in this field can develop .
the french company areva be bid for an 8 billion u.s. dollar ( 6.8 billion euro ) deal to construct 4 reactor in china as be u.s. company westinghouse and russian company atomstroyexport .
the bid among the 3 company have be competitive .
china be to have announce a winner by the end of 2005 but have delay its decision until early next year hope to elicit better term from the bidder .
on 05 december 2005 during the 4 @-@ day visit to france a chinese order for 150 medium @-@ range a320 airliner from the european consortium airbus be announce .
airbus also sign a protocol that could lead to aircraft be construct in china .
prime minister wen hold talk in paris with french prime minister dominique de villepin and french president jacques chirac and be then to depart the afternoon of 06 december 2005 to marseille to visit the headquarters of the helicopter manufacturer eurocopter .
on 05 december 2005 eurocopter announce a 600 million euro partnership deal with china to share development and production of a new 16 @-@ seat aircraft call the ec175 .
wen be schedule to visit the site of the future experimental nuclear fusion reactor iter in which china be a partner .
on 07 december 2005 wen be schedule to tour the space @-@ satellite facility of telecommunications company alcatel in cannes .
wen depart on 07 december 2005 for slovakia , the czech republic and portugal .
1 of the reason for wen 's visit to the 200 year @-@ old polytechnique at palaiseau be to sign a partnership deal with three chinese university that will introduce new exchange programs and share qualification .
wen state --
the dynamic young student represent the future of the world .
student exchange be more important than the purchase of 150 airbus .
at present there be economic cooperation between china and france but with such programs in the future there will be cultural cooperation .
in a speech to student , professor and business leader , wen attempt to allay anxiety in europe that china 's fast @-@ grow economic power be a threat to the rest of the world .
wen state that because china suffer so much from foreign invasion it understand the value of peace .
wen state that for china to choose peace be logical give its history and culture .
china 's development be not a threat but an opportunity for the world .
the french have express fear that china 's low cost and poor standard of social security be attract economic activity and cause increase unemployment in europe but wen argue that grow domestic demand in china will eventually lead to new opportunity for foreign exporter .
france view china as a strategic ally in its pursuit of a multipolar world that be not dominate by the u.s. though trade relation between france and china remain low .
france rank 15 th among supplier to china provide only 1.4 percent of china 's foreign need .
2005 @-@ 12 @-@ 12
republic of korea ( kr )
international ; technology ; military ; government ; business ; money
eurocopter win a large contract with the republic of korea to produce troop @-@ carry helicopter .
the goal of this multi @-@ billion dollar project be to allow the republic of korea to launch its own aeronautical industry .
on december 12 , 2005 the eurocopter subsidiary of the european eads defense and aeronautics group win a contract worth hundred of million of dollar from the republic of korea for troop @-@ carry helicopter .
eurocopter will take 30 percent of the project price as profit .
the cost of the contract be estimate to be 6 billion dollar or 5 billion euros .
the contract will include the production of 245 aircraft capable of carry up to 8.5 ton for over 20 year .
eurocopter will provide the technical platform for the helicopter through a large technology transfer .
the government of the republic of korea be expect to make a formal statement on december 13 , 2005 on the korean helicopter program .
the korean helicopter program be schedule to be finalize in 2011 .
the goal of the the korean helicopter program be to allow the republic of korea to launch its own aeronautical industry .
2007 @-@ 01 @-@ 16
singapore ( sg )
crime ; narcotic
an australian man be charge in singapore with drug traffic .
singapore 's central narcotic bureau say on 070116 in a statement that australian michael karras be arrest on 070109 after be find in possession of 495 gram of cannabis .
the statement say karras be subsequently charge for the offence of traffic in a controlled drug .
karras face at least 5 year ' imprisonment and a minimum 5 stroke of the cane if convict but would escape the death penalty sentence mandatory for anyone caught traffic more than 500 gram of cannabis .
the arrest of karras come more than a year after the highly publicize hang of australian nguyen tuong van .
nguyen be execute in 051200 for try to smuggle 400 gram of heroin via singapore to australia in 020000 .
nguyen 's hang despite heavy lobby from the australian government for singapore to show clemency trigger public outrage in australia where capital punishment be outlaw .
singapore also apply the death sentence to other crime include murder , treason , kidnap and firearm offence .
2007 @-@ 01 @-@ 16
israel ( il ) ; republic of korea ( kr ) ; democratic people 's republic of korea ( kp ) ; iran ( ir )
international ; proliferation ; politics
israeli foreign minister visit south korea to discuss connection between north korea and iran 's nuclear programs and enforcement of un resolution on hezbollah .
20070116 israeli foreign minister tzipi livni state at a meet in seoul --
israel and south korea share concern over the connection between north korea and iran in the pursuit of weapon of mass destruction .
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapon of mass destruction and an arm race .
livni visit seoul 20070115 @-@ 20070116 to discuss enhancement of bilateral relation with south korean prime minister han myeong @-@ sook and foreign minister song min @-@ soon .
livni be the first israeli foreign minister to visit seoul since relation between israel and south korea begin in 1962 .
livni will travel to tokyo next .
livni state --
israel support south korea 's plan to send 350 troop as part of un peacekeeping force to lebanon later in 2007 .
the un arm embargo on hezbollah remain unenforced because the open syria @-@ lebanon border be be use to transfer weapon to hezbollah .
un security council resolution 1701 end the 34 day conflict between israel and hezbollah in 2006 .
the resolution demand a full arm embargo on hezbollah in lebanon and the removal of hezbollah as a fight force from southern lebanon .
the us accuse iran of seek a nuclear weapon .
iran insist that nuclear program exclusively develop nuclear energy for the grow iranian population .
20061009 north korea conduct its first nuclear test .
2007 @-@ 01 @-@ 25
philippines ( ph )
narcotic ; crime ; international
a taiwanese drug trafficker name tsai wen @-@ huang be arrest in the philippines on january 25 , 2007 after flee from a conviction for sell ketamine ..
police state on january 25 , 2007 that a fugitive taiwanese drug trafficker name tsai wen @-@ huang have be arrest in the southern philippines .
tsai wen @-@ huang have be a fugitive since 2001 when he be convict for sell ketamine .
the arrest occur in the southern city of koronadal on mindanao island .
police state that tsai wen @-@ huang flee to manila to work with a local trafficker while he be a fugitive .
police also state that tsai wen @-@ huang would buy ketamine locally and export the ketamine to taiwan at a marked up price .
tsai wen @-@ huang be knowledgeable in chemistry and computer technology .
tsai wen @-@ huang admit to counterfeit taiwanese currency .
police state tsai wen @-@ huang would be extradite to taiwan .
police state that ketamine be a substance use largely in manufacture methampethamine hydrochloride or ice .
2007 @-@ 02 @-@ 01
china ( cn )
space ; military ; politics ; international
china say on february 1 , 2007 it do not want an arm race in space .
china do not comment on japanese prime minister shinzo abe 's claim that china 's satellite @-@ destroy test have break international law .
china say on february 1 , 2007 it do not want an arm race in space .
china do not comment on japanese prime minister shinzo abe 's claim that china 's satellite @-@ destroy test have break international law .
china 's foreign ministry refuse to react directly to abe 's comment that beijing have violate an international space treaty when it shoot down one of its own satellite with a missile on january 11 , 2007 .
spokeswoman jiang yu say china have already state china 's position .
many other country be concern about the peaceful use of outer space .
the country oppose the weaponization of space and an arm race in space .
china want them to make common effort to realize this goal .
abe say to the japanese parliament on january 31 , 2007 that abe believe china 's test be not in compliance with basic international rule such as the outer space treaty .
the 1967 un treaty ban weapon of mass destruction in space and say that all nation should avoid contamination of space and be hold liable for any damage cause .
the unite state be concern that debris from the chinese test could damage satellite or the manned international space station .
jiang yu say she be not aware of the specific information concern space debris .
yu insist that china would be a force for peace and stability .
jiang yu say china have not and will not participate in an arm race with other country and will not threaten any other country .
china say it have the right to carry out the test after destroy the satellite .
the unite state and the then soviet union be the only other nation to have carry similar test .
both stop the practice in 1985 partly over concern about the debris leave in space .
2007 @-@ 02 @-@ 03
saudi arabia ( sa )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime ; government
10 individual be detain in saudi arabia on february 3 , 2007 for suspicion of illegally collect money to fund terror @-@ related activity .
the interior ministry of saudi arabia state on february 3 , 2007 that saudi arabian authority have arrest 10 people suspect of illegally collect money to fund terror @-@ related activity .
7 saudis and a foreign resident be detain on february 2 , 2007 after saudi arabian authority catch the individual undertake the suspected illegal activity in jeddah province in the west of the kingdom .
2 other saudis link to the group be arrest separately in jeddah and the muslim holy city of medina .
oil @-@ rich saudi arabia have be combating a wave of violence by suspect al @-@ qaeda militant since may 2003 .
saudis be among foreign insurgent fight us @-@ lead force in iraq .
in early december 2006 saudi arabia announce the arrest of 136 suspect al @-@ qaeda militant over 3 month in one of the largest crackdown since saudi arabia begin battle islamist extremist .
2007 @-@ 02 @-@ 05
france ( fr )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime
13 kurds from turkey be arrest near paris on suspicion of money @-@ launder for the kurdistan worker ' party ( pkk ) .
the european union and other country regard the pkk as a terrorist organization .
french police state that 13 kurds from turkey be arrest near paris on 5 february 2007 on suspicion of money @-@ launder on behalf of the ban kurdistan worker ' party ( pkk ) .
french police state the 12 men and 1 woman be be hold on suspicion of criminal association in relation with a terrorist enterprise as well as fund terrorism and organize money @-@ launder .
the 13 kurds be seize in the paris region department of yvelines , hauts @-@ de @-@ seine , seine @-@ saint @-@ denis and val d'oise as part of an investigation head by france 's lead anti @-@ terrorist judge jean @-@ louis bruguiere .
the pkk be regard as a terrorist organization by the european union , the unite state and turkey .
the arrest follow an incident in which 2 turkish kurds be detain over a suspicious cash @-@ change transaction involve 200000 euros ( 260000 dollar ) .
police give no further detail of the suspect .
2007 @-@ 02 @-@ 06
indonesia ( id )
narcotic ; crime ; international
indonesian judge sentence australian michelle dawn condon to 3 month in jail include time serve on drug charge .
condon be the latest australian convict on drug charge in indonesia .
indonesian judge on 6 february 2007 sentence australian michelle dawn condon to 3 month in jail include time serve on drug charge .
judge wayan merta read the verdict in court on the island of bali and state condon be guilty of drug use and not traffic .
condon will be release the week of 11 february 2007 as condon be arrest on 16 november 2007 and have remain in detention since the arrest .
condon be allegedly carry 0.2 gram ( 0.007 ounce ) of crystal methamphetamine at the time of the arrest .
prosecutor drop traffic charge against condon the week of 28 january 2007 and state that a medical examination reveal condon be a long @-@ time addict .
condon be the latest australian convict on drug charge in indonesia .
6 australians have be sentence to death for drug traffic .
the 6 australians be member of the bali 9 gang convict of smuggle heroin .
the other 3 member of the bali 9 gang be give life sentence .
australian schapelle corby be convict of traffic marijuana into bali and jail for 20 year .
the indonesian government have issue stiff penalty for drug trafficker and user with 35 other convict on death row for narcotic offenses .
2007 @-@ 02 @-@ 07
vietnam ( vn )
narcotic ; crime
after a 2 @-@ week trial in hanoi a vietnamese court sentence 3 people to death and issue prison term to 52 people for run a heroin traffic ring .
possession of more than 600 gram of heroin or more than 20 kilogram of opium carry the death penalty in vietnam .
a court official state that after a 2 @-@ week trial in hanoi a vietnamese court on 7 february 2007 sentence 3 people to death and issue prison term to 52 people for run a heroin traffic ring in hanoi .
a hanoi people 's court official state that the 3 defendant to be execute include 1 woman and be find guilty of traffic and sell approximately 18 kilogram ( 48 pound ) of heroin from province near the lao border .
the official state that 10 people receive sentence of life in prison .
the official state that 42 defendant receive sentence between 1 and 23 year in prison .
7 of the 42 defendant be policeman who protect the traffic ring .
the heroin traffic syndicate traffic the drug from the northwestern province of lai chau and son la from 1999 until the arrest in 2004 .
on 30 january 2007 8 people be sentence to death and 13 people be sentence to life in prison for traffic 216 kilogram of heroin and other drug from laos .
possession of more than 600 gram of heroin or more than 20 kilogram of opium carry the death penalty in communist vietnam .
2007 @-@ 02 @-@ 08
europe ; unite kingdom ( gb ) ; spain ( es )
proliferation ; international ; politics ; government
authorize of eu sanction against north korea meet difficulty due to britain 's disagreement with spain over the sovereignty of gibraltar .
diplomatic source say on 070208 that eu sanction against north korea cannot go forward due to britain 's disagreement with spain over the sovereignty of gibraltar inhibit gibraltar 's chief secretary from be list as one of the require competent authority .
the european union decide in 061100 to ban the export of arm and nuclear and missile technology as well as luxury product in compliance with the un resolution number 1718 adopt after pyongyang carry out nuclear test in 061000 .
the eu also introduce restriction of entry to the eu for individual deem to be aid north korea 's programs for nuclear weapon and other weapon of mass destruction .
before the measure be apply , the legal sanction document require a list of authority , bank and other body in each member state which would supervise compliance with the sanction and freeze asset .
british spokeswoman vicky courtney in brussels say britain insist that gibraltar 's chief secretary be list as the competent authority as have do on previous occasion without spain make any complaint .
gibraltar 's chief secretary act as the link between the gibraltan government and the british government and governor .
another diplomatic source , say the spanish government be afraid that any mention of a gibraltan authority would constitute a precedent in relation between the eu and gibraltar and so oppose the move this time .
the government of spain insist that britain should be name in the annex to the document but not gibraltar .
the spanish government refuse to afford any international legitimacy to gibraltar .
the uk and spain be seek to reach a formula which would satisfy both side .
the 2 eu nation have thus far fail to do so .
courtney say there be some frustration with the fact that the sanction be be hold up .
courtney add that it be important to find a constructive solution applicable to this and other document in future and say that the application of other sanction also run the risk of be block .
other eu @-@ levy sanction include those against iran over the iranian nuclear program .
gibraltar be cede in perpetuity to britain by spain under the 1713 treaty of utrecht , however madrid still claim sovereignty .
gibraltarians in 020000 overwhelmingly reject move by britain and spain to move towards joint sovereignty for gibraltar and gibraltar 's 30000 inhabitant .
gibralta ris locate at spain 's southern extremity .
2007 @-@ 02 @-@ 09
france ( fr )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime
5 kurds from turkey be under investigation in france after be arrest on suspicion of money @-@ launder for the ban kurdistan worker ' party ( pkk ) .
10 other kurds will go before a judge on 9 february 2007 .
french official state on 9 february 2007 that 5 kurds from turkey have be place under investigation in france after be arrest on suspicion of money @-@ launder on behalf of the ban kurdistan worker ' party ( pkk ) .
the kurds be seize the week of 4 february 2007 as part of an investigation head by france 's top anti @-@ terrorist judge jean @-@ louis bruguiere .
the 5 kurds be be investigate on suspicion of criminal association in relation with a terrorist enterprise as well as fund terrorism and organize money @-@ launder .
the pkk be regard as a terrorist organization by the european union , the unite state and turkey .
10 other kurds will go before a judge on 9 february 2007 .
2007 @-@ 02 @-@ 09
france ( fr )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime
10 kurds be under investigation in france on suspicion of money @-@ launder for a terrorist organization know as kurdistan worker ' party ( pkk ) .
official state on 9 february 2007 that 10 kurds have be place under investigation in france after be arrest on suspicion of money @-@ launder on behalf of the ban kurdistan worker ' party ( pkk ) .
the 10 kurds be part of a group of 15 kurds seize the week of 4 february 2007 in an investigation head by france 's lead anti @-@ terrorist judge jean @-@ louis bruguiere .
the other 5 kurds be be investigate on suspicion of criminal association in relation with a terrorist enterprise as well as fund terrorism and organize money @-@ launder .
14 of the group have be remand into custody .
most of the group be from turkey .
the pkk be regard as a terrorist organization by the european union , the unite state and turkey .
10 other kurds will go before a judge on 9 february 2007 .
2007 @-@ 02 @-@ 15
india ( in )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime ; business
india 's national security adviser warn that terrorist outfit have utilize fictitious company in stock market operation to raise fund for terrorist operation .
a terrorism expert in india state that stock market manipulation to raise fund be a new development .
national security adviser m. k. narayanan state in a speech post online on 15 february 2007 that isolate instance of terrorist outfit manipulate the stock market to raise fund for terrorist operation have be report .
narayanan state that stock exchange in mumbai and chennai have occasionally report that fictitious or notional company be engage in stock market operation .
some of these company be later trace to terrorist outfit .
narayanan call for the lift of bank secrecy and the corporate veil in terrorist @-@ related case in order to combat the finance of attack .
narayanan first make the comment at a high @-@ level gather on international security in munich on 11 february 2007 .
former head of the counter @-@ terrorism wing of india 's overseas intelligence service bahukutumbi raman state to afp on 15 february 2007 that dislocate or attack the stock market have be try in the past but that use stock exchange to fund attack appear to be a new development .
raman state that this kind of stock manipulation have not come to light yet .
raman recommend tighten regulation govern india 's stock market to ensure that genuine company only engage in operation .
2007 @-@ 02 @-@ 23
unite kingdom ( gb )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime
5 men be remand to court for allegedly plot to kidnap and kill a british solder and post a video of the execution on the internet .
a 36 @-@ year @-@ old man accuse of plot to kidnap and kill a british soldier be order hold in custody on february 23 , 2007 at a preliminary hear at london 's central criminal court .
on january 31 , 2007 security source state the allege plot involve plan to kidnap and behead a british muslim soldier and then post a video of the execution on the internet .
police refuse to comment on the specific allegation .
parviz khan and 4 other defendant charge with lesser offence appear at the old bailey by video link from prison .
the defendant be all remand until another hear on april 2 , 2007 .
the 5 men be among 9 men arrest in a series of raid in the city of birmingham in west central england on january 31 , 2007 .
parvis khan be charge with engaging in conduct to give effect to intention to kidnap and kill a member of the british arm force between november 1 , 2006 and january 31 , 2007 .
amjad mahmood be charge with fail to disclose information which might have be of material assistance in prevent the plot .
parvis khan , amjad mahmood and 3 other men name mohammed irfan , zahoor iqbal and hamid elasmar be charge with 2 offence of allegedly supply equipment for terrorism and fund terrorism abroad .
none of the men have enter a plea to the charge .
a sixth man arrest on january 31 , 2007 name basiru gassama have be charge with withhold information about a potential act of terrorism .
basiru gassama 's case be still in a lower court .
strict contempt of court law in the unite kingdom prevent the media from report detail of the case against defendant before any trial in order to prevent the risk of seriously prejudice a jury that will hear the evidence .
2007 @-@ 02 @-@ 27
korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp ) ; korea , republic of ( kr )
proliferation ; international ; politics
roh moo @-@ hyun state that he believe north korea want to move towards openness and reform despite develop nuclear weapon .
on 070227 south korean president roh moo @-@ hyun state that he believe communist north korea want to move towards openness and reform despite develop nuclear weapon .
in a live broadcast news conference roh moo @-@ hyun state that north korea would give up weapon of mass destruction if north korea feel north korea 's security be guarantee .
roh moo @-@ hyun state that he believe that north korea will move toward openness and reform since north korea 's leader will find no other alternative but to move toward openness and reform unless north korea 's leader be insane .
roh moo @-@ hyun defend the south korean government 's decision in the past to give aid to north korea .
roh moo @-@ hyun state that the aid south korea give north korea be design to open up north korea and the aid do not help north korea develop nuclear arm .
north korea be a reclusive state .
roh moo @-@ hyun state that the reason that north korea have develop nuclear weapon be that north korea feel threat from country that do not believe north korea will ever introduce reform and openness .
roh moo @-@ hyun state that north korea develop nuclear weapon in order to stop the other side make threat and north korea want to engage in talk .
roh moo @-@ hyun be speak as a south korean government delegation flew to pyongyang for the first ministerial talk in seven month .
the resumption of south korea 's food aid to north korea be expect to be high on the agenda at the ministerial talk .
north korea carry out north korea 's first nuclear test in 061000 .
north korea 's first nuclear test generate international condemnation and sanction .
north korea 's first nuclear test be follow by month of diplomacy .
after the month of diplomacy and during six @-@ nation talk in beijing in 070200 north korea agree to dismantle north korea 's nuclear program in return for economic aid and diplomatic benefit .
2007 @-@ 03 @-@ 02
libyan arab jamahiriya ( ly ) ; unite kingdom ( gb ) ; unite state ( us ) ; democratic people 's republic of korea ( kp ) ; iran ( ir )
proliferation ; international ; politics
kadhafi warn that us and britain 's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarm .
20070302 libyan leader moamer kadhafi state in an interview publish on the bbc website --
britain , the eu and the us have not invest in libya follow the country 's abandonment of its nuclear weapon program .
western country ' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarm .
other country should emulate libya 's example but the example have be destroy because the us and britain do not fulfill their promise .
kadhafi state --
libya may still cooperate with western country for mutual benefit .
the lack of foreign support will not cause libya to return to hostile pursuit .
kadhafi speak with the bbc from the 30 th anniversary celebration of libya 's jamahiriyah ( state of the mass ) political system in sebha .
in 2003 kadhafi normalize libya 's relation with britain , france and the us by pledge to abandon attempt to develop nuclear and other weapon of mass destruction .
kadhafi have be widely condemn by the international community in previous decade due to opposition to western country and allege support of terrorism .
iran be face new unite nation sanction after refuse to stop enrich uranium
western country widely suspect iran of build atomic weapon under the pretense of a program to develop civilian nuclear power .
north korea claim to have successfully test a nuclear warhead in 2006 .
the international community condemn the action .
north korea have recently pledge to cease all nuclear activity but some suspect that a covert uranium program remain .
2007 @-@ 03 @-@ 05
australia ( au )
terrorism ; international ; politics
australia 's foreign minister warn of continue terrorist threat despite effort against militant .
australia 's foreign minister alexander downer warn 070305 in open remark at a counter @-@ terrorism conference jakarta that terrorist continue to find new recruit and launch attack despite the foil of some plot and the jail of militant .
indonesia and australia be co @-@ host a 2 @-@ day meet in indonesia 's capital attend by the foreign minister of malaysia , thailand and the philippines and a senior minister from singapore .
downer say terrorist be still at large despite terrorist plot have be foil , terrorist have be capture and prosecute and terrorist network have be disrupt .
downer say that terrorist ' method and ability become more sophisticated even as government ' capacity to stop them improve .
indonesia 's foreign minister hassan wirajuda say terrorist must not be stop at the expense of democratic principle .
wirajuda say terrorist must be stop without resort to repressive and undemocratic measure like the violation of human right or disregard of due process of law .
wirajuda add that terrorist have be evolve new strategy and tactic and thus be become an even greater threat to peace , security and progress .
wirajuda state there be a need for better way of deny terrorist access to weapon of mass destruction and that more effective way of deny the terrorist access to deadly weapon and especially weapon of great kill power must be devise .
wirajuda say that vigilance and innovative measure be key to an adequate response to the terrorist threat .
downer hope the country at the meet could agree on cooperation to stop terrorist acquire unconventional weapon and to improve law enforcement , intelligence share and the response to attack cause mass casualty .
the jakarta conference follow an earlier counter @-@ terrorism meet in bali in 040200 attend by minister from 20 southeast asian and pacific country .
a series of terror attack have hit indonesia .
the most recent attack be a triple suicide bomb in the resort island bali in 050000 that kill 20 bystander .
the worst attack hit bali in 021000 and claim 202 life .
2007 @-@ 03 @-@ 13
unite kingdom ( gb )
environment ; dissent ; proliferation ; politics
peace activist from greenpeace climb a crane on the river thames outside britain 's house of parliament and call mps to campaign against prime minister tony blair 's plan to renew the uk 's nuclear deterrent .
peace activist climb a crane on the river thames outside britain 's house of parliament on 070313 to campaign against prime minister tony blair 's plan to renew the uk 's nuclear deterrent .
4 protester from greenpeace clamber an estimate 200 feet up the maintenance crane moor on the river and unfurl a banner suggest blair love weapon of mass destruction .
greenpeace say in a statement that the activist scale the structure at about 6 @:@ 00 am gmt and be phone and attempt to persuade member of parliament ( mp ) to vote against the government .
a greenpeace spokesman say the 4 volunteer aim to occupy the crane until the vote take place and hope to telephone as many mps as possible urge rejection of new weapon of mass destruction .
lawmakers in the uk parliament 's lower house of common be to debate and vote on 070314 whether to back blair 's controversial 38 @-@ billion @-@ dollar plan to replace the us @-@ build trident missile system .
nuclear weapon be still a divisive issue in blair 's govern labour party as unilateral nuclear disarmament be once official labour policy in the 800000 .
many traditionalist accuse blair of stifle debate on the subject and claim trident be a costly and obsolete relic of the cold war and be no long require .
deputy leader of the common nigel griffiths resign on 070312 so as to be able to vote against blair 's government and be join on 070313 by junior health department aide jim devine .
a widespread rebellion from rank @-@ and @-@ file labour lawmakers be widely predict .
a bbc radio poll on 070311 say 64 out of the 101 labour mps whom be ask express opposition to blair 's plan .
a further 15 labour mps be undecided .
22 back the proposal .
lobby group the campaign for nuclear disarmament ( cnd ) on 070313 say 62 labour mps and a total of 105 mps overall have sign an amendment to the vote call for more time to discuss the issue .
blair be not expect to lose the vote but will have to rely on the support of the main opposition conservative party .
the conservative broadly back blair 's plan for a new submarine @-@ based weapon system .
2007 @-@ 03 @-@ 15
unite state ( us )
international ; politics
the un general assembly adopt secretary @-@ general ban ki @-@ moon 's proposal to reform 2 un core activity peacekeeping and disarmament .
the un general assembly on 070315 endorse un secretary @-@ general ban ki @-@ moon 's proposal to reform 2 un core activity peacekeeping and disarmament .
the general assembly adopt by consensus a restructure of the department of peacekeeping operation ( dpko ) involve a split into 2 separate entity for peacekeeping operation .
a department of peace operation will be task with strategy and day @-@ to @-@ day direction and management .
a separate department of field support will consolidate the support function of un field personnel , procurement and financial management .
france 's jean @-@ marie guehenno be the current head of dpko and will stay on as chief of the future dpo .
the general assembly also approve ban 's plan to establish an office of disarmament affair ( oda ) to replace the current department of disarmament affair .
the secretary general have dismiss suggestion that turn the disarmament department into an office signify de @-@ emphasis and say the office would instead report directly to the un secretary @-@ general and would ensure access and more frequent interaction .
develop country have criticize the larger power on disarmament and specifically for fail to reduce nuclear arsenal while insist on non @-@ proliferation of all weapon of mass destruction .
ban announce plan soon after take office on 070101 to reform the un 's sprawl peacekeeping operation and tighten control over disarmament matter .
the peacekeeping and disarmament reform be strongly back by western country and face initial resistance from develop country .
this resistance prompt ban to launch a process of consultation with the general assembly to explain the idea for reform .
2007 @-@ 03 @-@ 23
iran , islamic republic of ( ir ) ; unite kingdom ( gb ) ; china ( ch ) ; france ( fr ) ; russian federation ( ru ) ; unite state ( us ) ; germany ( de ) ; qatar ( qa ) ; indonesia ( id ) ; south africa ( za ) ; ghana ( gh ) ; congo , republic of ( cg ) ; peru ( pe ) ; panama ( pa ) ; belgium ( be ) ; italy ( it ) ; slovakia ( sk )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; economy
the un security council have be hold frantic talk to try to reach consensus on a draft text broaden un sanction against iran .
the un security council on 070323 be hold frantic talk to try to reach consensus on a draft text broaden un sanction against iran .
russian delegate be offer compromise language on an amendment call for a nuclear @-@ free middle east .
the 15 un security council member meet behind close door early 070323 to put the finish touch to a amend text submit 070322 by the text 's 3 sponsor britain , france and germany .
they be to meet again later 070323 to consider an amendment request by indonesia and qatar for insertion of a paragraph into the draft on the goal of establish a middle east free from weapon of mass destruction and all missile for their delivery .
diplomat say the unite state be oppose to the inclusion of this paragraph .
the russian delegation offer compromise language state that a solution to the iranian nuclear issue would contribute to global non @-@ proliferation effort as well as those in the middle east .
qatar 's un ambassador nassir abdulaziz al @-@ nasser say the security council would discuss some amendment raise by qatar , indonesia and south africa and express hope that a consensus could be reach .
nasser stress that the meet on the afternoon of 070323 would be very important .
the security council member have by late on 070322 fine @-@ tune minor change make to the text agree 070311 @-@ 070317 by germany with the 5 veto @-@ wield permanent council member britain , china , france , russia and the unite state .
south africa express disappointment that its suggestion be reject for a 90 @-@ day suspension of un sanction to allow political negotiation with the iranian government to remove the weapon ban and other financial sanction .
the draft resolution under consideration would ban the iranian government from export arm and call for voluntary trade sanction as well as expand a list of official and company targeted for financial and travel restriction .
a vote be expect on 070324 .
2007 @-@ 03 @-@ 26
indonesia ( id )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; energy ; economy
an indonesian official say indonesia agree to further un sanction against iran over the dispute atomic program because the sanction promote the goal of a nuclear weapon @-@ free middle east .
indonesia 's foreign minister hassan wirajuda say on 070326 that muslim @-@ majority indonesia agree to further un sanction against iran over the iranian government 's dispute atomic program because the sanction promote the goal of a nuclear weapon @-@ free middle east .
wirajuda say the indonesian government be support implementation of a nuclear weapon @-@ free zone in the middle east and point out that israel be the only country in the middle east which possess nuclear weapon .
a clause which emphasize that resolve the iranian nuclear issue would help to realize the objective of a middle east free of weapon of mass destruction be include in the sanction resolution at the request of indonesia and qatar .
some commentator have criticize indonesia for back the sanction because such a stance could diminish indonesia 's stand among muslim nation .
wirajuda say the proposition introduce in the un resolution for a nuclear weapon @-@ free zone in the middle east be support by arabic country .
the resolution be pass unanimously on 070324 after day of hard bargain by the security council 's 15 member .
indonesia currently hold one of the council 's rotate seat .
the sanction block all iranian arm export and freeze the overseas asset of 28 additional official and institution link to iran 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs and restrict financial aid or loan to the iranian government while set a new 60 @-@ day deadline for the iranian government to comply with un demand or face further appropriate measure .
the iranian government react angrily and express intent to restrict cooperation with the un nuclear watchdog iaea in retaliation .
2007 @-@ 03 @-@ 27
japan ( jp )
international ; government ; weapon ; proliferation ; war and conflict ; military
japan on march 27 , 2007 deploy troop to nepal to monitor nepal 's ceasefire .
this be the first military mission since japan create a full @-@ fledge defense ministry .
japan on march 27 , 2007 deploy troop to nepal to monitor nepal 's ceasefire .
this be the first military mission since japan create a full @-@ fledge defense ministry .
officially japan be a pacifist nation .
a defense ministry official say that prime minister shinzo abe 's cabinet decide at a meet to dispatch six soldier to nepal to observe arm control for a year .
japan will help monitor weapon and soldier under the peace accord that end nepal 's decade @-@ long maoist insurgency .
nepal be in the himalayas .
japan be a major donor to nepal .
japan be force by the unite state to renounce its right to arm force after world war ii and have be slowly expand its military operation overseas .
japan create a full @-@ fledge defense ministry in january 2007 for the first time since 1945 .
japan upgrade the former defense agency which be lower in rank than cabinet @-@ level ministry .
abe 's conservative government also list overseas peacekeeping activity as a mission for japan 's military because of the change .
they be know as the self @-@ defense force .
deployment abroad have be previously consider extraordinary and lead the government to seek parliamentary approval .
defense minister fumio kyuma tell reporter that this be the first time japan will deploy the self @-@ defense force abroad since peacekeeping became one of the main mission for the troop .
kyuma say that japan have to pay careful attention to the security .
japan send 600 troop in its most prominent deployment to iraq on a reconstruction mission .
the soldier return last year without suffer any casualty or fire a shot .
2007 @-@ 03 @-@ 27
north korea ( kp )
proliferation ; international ; politics ; business
the european union adopt sanction against north korea on march 27 , 2007 that put north korea in line with a un security council resolution .
it be pass after north korea announce a nuclear test .
the european union adopt sanction against north korea on march 27 , 2007 that put north korea in line with a un security council resolution .
the resolution be pass after north korea announce a nuclear test .
the sanction include a ban on the sale or export of all material that could be use in north korea 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs or in the manufacture of weapon of mass destruction .
the eu froze the asset abroad of some north korean official .
the eu ban export to the country of luxury goods like caviar , truffle , high @-@ quality wine and perfume and pure breed horse .
the bloc support un resolution 1718 in november .
the application of sanction require a formal eu decision .
the decision be delay by an argument between britain and spain concern the method in which gibraltar would implement the measure .
the resolution be pass after the north korean government announce that it have perform its first nuclear weapon test on october 9 , 2006 .
the announcement trigger world @-@ wide outrage .
2007 @-@ 04 @-@ 01
kenya ( ke )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; crime ; terrorism
illegal arm traffic increase in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflict .
government initiative to disarm have be ineffective .
illegal arm traffic have increase in kenya and raise concern about security .
daniel kiptugen of oxfam state that there be approximately 140,000 illegal arm in circulation in kenya among the most vulnerable and marginalized group .
illegal weapon be easily procure in urban open @-@ air market despite a government initiative launch in 2006 to curb the availability of arm .
kenyan security minister john michuki recently state at a ceremony burn 8000 illegal arm seize in 2006 to prevent the spread of firearm --
firearm fuel the illegal exploitation of natural resource and abet terrorism and other crime .
the easy affordability and accessibility of arm reduce incentive to pursue non @-@ violent solution to conflict and initiate a spiral of insecurity .
police state that conflict along kenya 's border have increase the number of weapon in the area .
conflict include a 20 @-@ year insurgency in uganda , anarchy in somalia since 1991 and the former civil war in sudan .
police spokesman gideon kibunjah state --
kenya have always experience serious arm traffic but the free sale of arm in somalia present an additional problem .
weapon smuggle have increase since 20061200 when ethiopian @-@ somali troop eradicate an islamist movement from south and central somalia .
mogadishu experience chaos and arm control at the border with kenya become a low @-@ priority issue .
kenya have participate since 2000 in a regional treaty to control and reduce the number of illegal arm in the great lake and horn of africa but have achieve limit success in disarmament .
kiptugen state --
the impact of government disarmament programs have not yet be apparent .
force disarmament process have never be successful because it fail to address the impetus of the demand : competition for natural resource and a lack of government security force .
pastoral community in northern kenya frequently resolve tribal conflict concern water and land access by gun battle .
community consider gun a mean of self @-@ protection and protection of the community 's livelihood .
gun control activist walter odhiambo state that increase economic inequity in kenya be a catalyst for violence .
2 @/@ 3 of the population subsist on under 1 dollar per day .
the kenyan government have increase promise to augment security measure before president mwai kibaki contend for re @-@ election in 20071200 .
the us issue a travel advisory to us citizen warn of increase incident of violent crime after 2 americans be shoot and kill in kenya in 20070100 .
kenya have struggle to overcome a reputation of high crime rate and frequent terrorist threat after the country experience deadly terrorist attack in 1998 and 2002 , ongoing tribal conflict and a crime wave that kill 50 in 20070100 .
kenya be previously consider relatively stable compare to surround country in the great lake and horn of africa ridden with regional conflict .
2007 @-@ 04 @-@ 12
thailand ( th )
weapon ; military
thailand 's defense ministry have decide to develop and produce rocket and missile .
jane 's defence weekly report on 070412 that the thai government have decide to develop and produce rocket and missile in a radical shift towards build an indigenous defense industry .
jane 's say the program would lift thailand beyond the current capacity for produce explosive , ammunition and small arm under licence as well as modernize and repair aircraft and armored vehicle .
the thai arm force do not currently have any surface @-@ to @-@ surface missile in their inventory .
jane 's cite an internal thai defense ministry document which say thailand will start by develop a multiple @-@ launch rocket ( mlr ) with a range of 80 kilometers ( 48 mile ) .
jane 's say there be already a project underway to develop a 160 millimeter mlr with a 40 @-@ kilometer range and that other project include a strategic rocket with turbojet engine guide by global position system and inertial navigation system .
the thai ministry document say fund pressure on the defense budget and encouragement by unspecified sector for greater self @-@ sufficiency be drive the new program .
such a rocket be significant because of the implication of effort to develop a surface @-@ to @-@ surface missile with a range at the upper limit of the voluntary missile technology control regime ( mtcr ) .
the mtcr be a global disarmament group involve the unite state and 33 other member and be establish in 870000 to control export of missile which can deliver weapon of mass destruction .
thailand 's king bhumipol adulyadej enjoy strong support from the arm force which overthrew the thai government in a bloodless coup in 060900 and have call for a sufficiency economy .
jane 's add that the new research and development program be launch before the coup but gain formal approval upon submission to the country 's defense council about a month afterwards .
2007 @-@ 04 @-@ 15
iran ( ir ) ; israel ( be ) ; jordan ( jo )
international ; politics ; proliferation ; weapon
un atomic energy chief elbaradei urge government of israel and iran to join nuclear @-@ free zone in the middle east .
elbaradei state that a middle east peace deal can only be reach in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicate all weapon of mass destruction from the region .
accord to the government of jordan un atomic energy chief mohamed elbaradei speak on 15 april 2007 after talk in jordan with jordan 's king abdullah ii urge iran and israel to join a nuclear @-@ free zone in the middle east .
elbaradei be the international atomic energy agency chief .
accord to a statement issue by the jordanian government elbaradei state that ultimately the middle east should be a zone free of weapon of mass destruction .
elbaradei state that this zone include israel and iran .
elbaradei state that this be the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapon .
elbaradei be quote as say that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reach in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicate all weapon of mass destruction from the region .
elbaradei state that arab country have join the non @-@ proliferation treaty while israel have not .
israel be the only nuclear power in the region despite the program be undeclared .
israel possess an arsenal of approximately 200 warhead .
israel 's enemy iran be suspect by europe and north america of use a nuclear energy program to develop atomic weapon .
the government of iran strongly deny this allegation .
2007 @-@ 04 @-@ 19
india ( in ) ; iran , islamic republic of ( ir ) ; korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp )
international ; government ; weapon ; politics ; proliferation ; energy
india have ban all direct and indirect export and import of material , goods and technology to north korea and iran that could aid in those country ' suspect nuclear programs .
on 19 april 2007 indian commerce minister kamal nath unveil india 's foreign trade policy which state --
india have ban all import and export of product to north korea and iran that could aid in north korea 's and iran 's suspect nuclear programs .
the indian government have prohibit direct and indirect export and import of material , goods and technology that could contribute to north korea 's nuclear @-@ relate , ballistic missile @-@ related or other weapon of mass destruction @-@ related programs .
the indian government have prohibit direct or indirect export and import of all item , material , goods and technology that could contribute to iran 's enrichment @-@ related , reprocessing or heavy water @-@ related activity .
india have prohibit direct or indirect export and import of all item , material , goods and technology that could contribute to iran 's nuclear weapon delivery system .
india maintain diplomatic relation with north korea .
india incur international isolation after perform nuclear test in 1998 .
india be energy @-@ hungry .
india be negotiate a civilian nuclear energy deal with the unite state .
the civilian energy deal will give india access to previously forbid technology .
india have repeatedly request talk to resolve the disagreement over iran 's suspect nuclear ambition .
the press trust of india news agency report that india 's ban on trade with iran and north korea be in compliance with un security council resolution .
2007 @-@ 04 @-@ 26
egypt ( eg )
international ; crime ; money ; terrorism ; government ; military
member of egypt 's opposition muslim brotherhood on trial in egyptian military court include high @-@ rank businessman thought to fund the organization .
defense lawyer boycott the close @-@ door session argue that they have not be make aware of the trial date .
a judicial source state that approximately 40 member of egypt 's opposition movement muslim brotherhood go on trial at a military court on 26 april 2007 charge with belong to a banned organization and fund terrorism .
defense lawyer boycott the close @-@ door session argue that they have not be make aware of the date of the tribunal .
family member be initially ban from the proceeding but be eventually permit entrance .
family member state that the defendant remain silent during proceeding because their counsel be not present .
journalist , family member and diplomatic observer have be allow into the courtroom for past military trial of islamists .
the courtroom be at a military base in the desert outside cairo .
the session on 26 april 2007 be approximately 4 hour in duration and be adjourn until 03 june 2007 .
defendant include khayrat al @-@ shater who rank number 3 in the hierarchy of the muslim brotherhood .
as part of the government 's repression of egypt 's largest opposition bloc al @-@ shater be arrest in december 2006 follow a university demonstration in which mask pro @-@ brotherhood student stage a military @-@ style parade on the campus of al @-@ azhar university in the capital city cairo .
al @-@ shater and other businessmen link to the group have their asset freeze and be referred to a military court in february 2007 .
the targeting of al @-@ shater and other businessmen associate with the movement have be consider an attempt to disable the organization financially .
egyptian authority accuse the movement of seek to reactivate its underground military wing with the aim of eventually overthrow the regime .
the muslin brotherhood control a fifth of the seat in parliament .
the government of egypt begin use military court to try member of the muslim brotherhood and other islamic group in the 1990 s when they be not be convict by civilian court .
under a law pass by parliament last week the verdict of military court can now be appeal .
2007 @-@ 04 @-@ 30
austria ( at )
proliferation ; international ; politics
a conference of the nuclear non @-@ proliferation treaty ( npt ) will begin on 30 april 2007 in vienna .
expert state the preparatory session can not change the treaty but be expect to focus on problem in fight proliferation and in get the 5 original nuclear weapon state to fulfill the npt commitment to disarm .
a conference on the world 's nuclear non @-@ proliferation treaty ( npt ) against the spread of nuclear weapon open on 30 april 2007 in vienna .
the meet will take place through 14 may 2007 and be the 1 st of a series of preparatory committee session ahead of the next overall review in 2010 .
the npt go into effect at the height of the cold war in 1970 and be extend indefinitely in 1995 .
the npt have 188 signatory state and be a deal in which nuclear weapon state agree to disarm while nation without the bomb agree not to seek the bomb .
the npt be review every 5 year .
the meet in may 2005 fail to resolve any key question due to an agenda disagreement between non @-@ align country and nuclear power .
the npt conference occur as --
the crisis over iran 's atomic program escalate though iran have not yet produce atomic bomb .
a deal to dismantle north korea 's nuclear program which have produce atomic bomb have stall .
a u.s. strategy to use pre @-@ emptive force if judged necessary and britian 's nuclear arsenal upgrade threaten the npt .
expert state the npt be ill adapt to the modern era in which so @-@ call rogue state seek to acquire a nuclear weapon capacity by 1 st develop peaceful programs under the term of the treaty .
expert state that fix should include tougher un inspection and automatic penalty for country who drop out of the treaty .
the north korean government withdraw from the npt in 2003 after expel unite nation inspector .
the north korean government test an atomic bomb in october 2006 .
the iranian government justify nuclear work under article iv of the npt which guarantee the inalienable right to develop research , production and use of nuclear energy for peaceful purpose .
u.s. government state that the iranian government use article iv as a cover for the secret development of nuclear weapon which the treaty ban .
non @-@ proliferation analyst at the carnegie endowment for international peace in washington george perkovich state the npt be the most effective treaty in history and referred to the fact that prediction make in the 1960 s that there would soon be 30 @-@ 40 nuclear weapon state have not come to pass .
there be believe to be 9 nuclear weapon state .
the state be the 5 allow under the npt , britain , china , france , russia and the unite state .
the state also include north korea which withdraw from the treaty and 3 nuclear state include india , pakistan and israel which have refuse to sign the npt .
diplomat and expert state the preparatory session can not change the treaty but be expect to focus on problem in fight proliferation and in get the 5 original nuclear weapon state to fulfill the npt commitment to disarm which be a focus of non @-@ align state .
nuclear and disarmement expert rebecca johnson write the week of 22 april 2007 on johnson 's acronym institute website that the risk of nuclear proliferation be too grave for the international community to shirk responsibility and that the npt have already begin to unravel .
felicity hill of the non @-@ governmental organization the international campaign to abolish nuclear weapon ( ican ) state to afp that the meet could build towards a successful 2010 review conference but progress must occur on both non @-@ proliferation and disarmament .
a diplomat in vienna who closely follow the non @-@ proliferation regime state that expectation be be lower for a successful outcome to the preparatory committee given the inauspicious international development and the grow detritus of arm control agreement cast aside .
2007 @-@ 04 @-@ 30
afghanistan ( af )
war and conflict ; narcotic ; international
nato @-@ lead and afghan troop initiate operation silicon on 30 april 2007 to clear the taliban from the lower sangin valley .
sangin valley be locate in afghanistan 's premier opium produce helmand province and be say to be home to some taliban leader .
a spokesman for the british deployment to afghanistan state to afp that approximately 2000 nato @-@ lead and afghan troop initiate operation silicon on 30 april 2007 to clear the taliban from the lower sangin valley in afghanistan 's premier opium produce helmand province .
operation silicon fall under operation achilles .
operation achilles be nato 's international security assistance force 's ( isaf ) biggest campaign against the taliban , foreign fighter and drug baron and begin in helmand on approximately 30 february 2007 .
achilles involve about 5500 soldier from country include britain , canada , the netherlands and the unite state as well as 1000 afghans .
most of britain 's more than 5000 troop with isaf be based in helmand .
sangin be 70 kilometers ( 40 mile ) northeast of provincial capital lashkar gah and have be the site of regular clash with taliban fighter say to have join force with drug baron in helmand .
sangin produce about 40 percent of the opium from afghanistan which supply more than 90 percent of the world 's illegal opium .
sangin be say to be home to some taliban leader include the taliban 's military operation commander for the south mullah dadullah .
2007 @-@ 05 @-@ 04
italy ( it )
narcotic ; crime ; government
2 municipal board candidate of corleone , sicilian be arrest for suspect drug traffic .
8 suspect be detain in total in corleone and palermo as part of a drug traffic investigation .
palermo police say 2 municipal board candidate in the sicilian town of corleone be arrest on 070504 for suspect drug traffic .
the 2 arrest candidate be leoluca lanza of the christian @-@ democrat for independence party and giovanni riina from silvio berlusconi 's forza italia party .
8 suspect be detain in total in corleone and palermo as part of an investigation into cocaine and hashish traffic .
ansa news agency report that those arrest be accuse of be involve with a criminal organization with the aim of drug traffic .
municipal election be schedule for 070513 and 070514 in corleone .
corleone be about 19 mile south of the sicilian capital palermo .
corleone be the birthplace of major mafia boss .
mafia boss luciano leggio die in 930000 .
mafia boss salvatore riina be arrest in 930000 and nickname toto .
mafia boss bernardo provenzano be arrest in 060400 after 43 year on the run .
the central crime family in mario puzo 's seminal book the godfather be name after the town .
in 070400 palermo police chief giuseppe caruso tell the daily la repubblica that corleone be no long the stronghold of so @-@ call godfather .
2007 @-@ 05 @-@ 08
australia ( au )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; money ; government ; terrorism
australia reveal that 702 million australian dollar have be budget for anti @-@ terror measure , include protection against cyber attack .
the australian government reveal in the budget on may 5 , 2008 that australia be to spend hundred of million of dollar to safeguard the country against terrorism .
philip ruddock state that the measure announce in the budget will help create a secure and trust operate environment that will benefit all australians .
some of these dollar will be use for drill to test australia 's response to cyber attack .
treasurer peter costello set aside 702 million australian dollar or 582 million unite state dollar for national security initiative as australia prepare for possible reprisal in the war in iraq as an ally of the unite state .
some of these dollar will be use for high priority intelligence need , electronic and internet security and further strengthen of aviation security .
these dollar increase australia 's total additional spend commitment to national security for the 10 year to 2010 @-@ 11 to 1.4 billion dollar .
the australian government will spend 73.6 million dollar over the next 4 year to lift electronic safety for government , business and home computer user to ward off any possible electronic or cyber attack .
the australian government will also boost fund to the australian federal police to fund preventative detention of terror suspect and to expand counter @-@ terror team .
part of a 219 million dollar allocation will go towards construct secure facility for counter @-@ terrorist first response unit at 11 major airport and some court building across australia .
attorney general philip ruddock state that cyber attack threaten the privacy and security of australians online and the reliable delivery of service by both business and government .
philip ruddock state that there have be an increase in recent year in the frequency and sophistication of attack on information technology system as million more australians use the internet and other electronic communication .
this increase in attack be the reason why the australian government be plan exercise to improve the capacity to manage cyber attack .
philip ruddock also state that it be imperative that australia remain one step ahead of emerge e @-@ threat .
the australian government be examine the development of a business center to allow information technology security information to be share quickly between the government and operator of critical infrastructure .
at least 9 people be currently face terrorism @-@ related charge .
2007 @-@ 05 @-@ 11
estonia ( ee )
international ; government ; telecom ; technology
estonian government server experience a cyber attack in may 2007 after a disagreement with russian official .
estonian official plan to discuss the handle of cyber attack at a meet of member state of nato and the european union .
estonian defense minister jaak aaviksoo state on 11 may 2007 that estonian official will raise the handle of cyber attack with eu defense minister at a meet in brussels on 14 may 2007 .
aaviksoo state estonian official will also require a discussion with nato member country about how to handle malicious attack against state websites .
the meet will occur between partner member state of the nato military alliance and european union .
aaviksoo state it be consider an attack against the whole of nato and the military alliance come to help if the port of a nato member country be under attack .
estonian prime minister andrus ansip state in early may 2007 that attack have be launch against estonian government server which force a temporary shut @-@ down of the server .
the attack occur after a disagreement with russian official over the removal of a soviet war memorial from central tallinn .
ansip state that some of the cyber @-@ attack have come from computer in the office of russian president vladimir putin .
2007 @-@ 05 @-@ 15
estonia ( ee )
international ; business ; telecom ; technology ; crime
estonian bank seb eesti uhispank 's website be temporarily shut down follow a cyber attack .
the attack occur after estonian authority relocate a monument to soviet soldier .
an official state that on 15 may 2007 estonia 's 2 nd @-@ biggest bank , swedish @-@ own seb eesti uhispank , block access from abroad to seb eesti uhispank 's online bank service after a cyber attack .
head of communication at seb eesti uhispank silver vohu state massive attack be launch at 12 @:@ 00 pm against the internet bank which block access to the seb eesti uhispank website .
vohu state the attack on seb bank 's internet bank service have attempt to overload the website with various request so that normal access would fail .
vohu state access be restore at 2 @:@ 00 pm ( 1100 gmt ) for user in estonia but access from computer locate outside estonia will continue to be restrict for security reason .
vohu state that the security of customer account be not compromise in the attack .
vohu state the cyber attack be the first to target the bank group since a series of similar assault be launch in april 2007 against the websites of estonian state institution .
estonian official state that some of the cyber attack that cause estonian government websites to shut down temporarily come from computer in the administration of russia include in the office of president vladimir putin .
the cyber attack be launch after estonian authority move a monument to soviet soldier who fought fascism in world war ii from a city block in central tallinn to a military cemetery in a neighborhood of the capital .
the removal of the monument cause disapproval from official in moscow and riot in tallinn by member of the large ethnic russian minority that comprise approximately 1 @/@ 4 th of the baltic republic 's population of 1.34 million people .
2007 @-@ 05 @-@ 21
estonia ( ee ) ; europe ; russian federation ( ru )
international ; government ; telecom ; technology
government of estonia reject eu agency criticism of its handle of recent cyber attack .
estonian official defend restriction of access to various state websites as inevitable and call criticism ignorant of the extent of the attack .
on 21 may 2007 the government of estonia reject european union criticism of its handle of recent cyber attack .
estonia have experience a series of cyber attack since the end of april 2007 that have force it to restrict access to many state websites .
estonia be a baltic state member of the european union .
hillar aarelaid be head of estonia 's computer emergency response team cert .
aarelaid be respond to comment make by jacqueline mcglade .
mcglade be head of the eu agency that promote a share network of environmental data .
aarelaid state that mcglade 's assertion that estonia should have employ basic procedure such as firewalls to defend from cyber attack demonstrate ignorance of the extent of the cyber assault on estonia .
aarelaid state to the afp by phone on 21 may 2007 that if the solution have be as simple as use elementary firewalls that estonia would have do it .
at a press conference in geneva mcglade have state that the eu agency she head firmly believe that to react to cyber attack by close system down be unsound .
estonia begin bar access to key government and some private websites 3 week ago after the onset of a series of cyber attack against estonia .
many of the attack originate abroad .
the cyber attack be trigger by estonian government authority ' decision to remove a soviet war memorial from central tallinn .
this decision anger russia and the large ethnic russian minority in estonia .
official in estonia include prime minister andrus ansip have claim that some of the cyber attack come from russian government computer include computer in the office of russian president vladimir putin .
aarelaid state to afp --
critic of estonia 's response may not be aware that traffic on some estonian site be increase by 1 million .
impose temporary restriction on internet traffic from abroad be inevitable .
mcglade 's comment on the estonian response be make in geneva ahead of a unite nation conference on global access to information technology .
mcglade state that attack on state and private websites should be handle in a systematic way instead of by restrict access .
mcglade state that there be technology that the eu agency deploy in an effort to avoid restrict access to government websites .
the eu agency will be in contact with the estonian government to advise on possible defense measure .
estonia be a world pioneer in it solution .
estonia rank higher than the 15 older eu member and just behind the unite state on a world bank list of country that be advance in prepare for a knowledge @-@ based society .
aarelaid state --
access to critical websites be never restrict .
estonia be prepare to keep critical websites accessible in any situation but that during a massive cyber attack some websites like that of the estonian agriculture ministry be of a lower priority to keep accessible to visitor from abroad .
2007 @-@ 05 @-@ 24
estonia ( ee ) ; russian federation ( ru )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; government
european parliament member respond to cyber attack on estonian websites by call on russian official to assist investigation into the attack .
the attack be believe to have come from russian administration ip address in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia .
european parliament member on 24 may 2007 call on russian official to assist investigation into cyber attack against estonian websites .
estonian official begin bar access to government and some private websites on approximately 3 may 2007 after a series of attack .
the cyber attack be trigger by estonian authority ' decision to remove a soviet war memorial from central tallinn which anger russian official and the large ethnic russian minority in estonia .
the european parliament resolution state the attack have frequently originate from abroad and have come from russian administration ip address .
the resolution call on the european commission and eu member state to assist in analyzing the attack and to investigate how attack can be prevent in the future .
european parliament member also condemn attempt by russian official to exert economic pressure on estonian government .
2007 @-@ 05 @-@ 25
republic of korea ( kr )
military ; technology
republic of korea launch its first aegis destroyer equip with advanced air and sea defenses .
japanese and chinese naval buildup and the threat from the democratic people 's republic of korea have cause republic of korea to expand its defense and combat capability .
on 25 may 2007 the republic of korea launch its first aegis destroyer equip with advanced air and sea defenses .
the republic of korea face japanese and chinese naval buildup and a potential threat from the democratic people 's republic of korea .
the kdx @-@ iii destroyer weigh 7600 ton .
the navy state that the republic of korea be the 5 th country to have a destroyer equip with the aegis integrate weapon control system follow the unite state , japan , spain and norway .
the destroyer be build domestically at a cost of 1 billion u.s. dollar .
president roh moo @-@ hyun state at a launch ceremony that the ship be arm with a state @-@ of @-@ the @-@ art defense system and combat capability and be one of the world 's best destroyer .
roh state that republic of korea will move forward with a program to create an ocean @-@ go navy .
the destroyer be name the king sejong after the monarch who help create the korean alphabet in the 15 th century .
the navy say in a statement --
the king sejong have integrate capability in broad @-@ range air defense , support for ground operation , automatic track and destruction of enemy aircraft and guide and ballistic missile .
the new destroyer be expect to greatly increase combat capability .
a 2 nd aegis destroyer will be launch in 2010 and a 3 rd in 2012 in what a navy spokesman state in may 2007 be an attempt to rival the naval power of japan and china .
the republic of korea face a potential threat from the democratic people 's republic of korea around their contest maritime border in the yellow sea .
this week the democratic people 's republic of korea accuse the republic of korea of dispatch warship to violate its territorial water .
6 south koreans be kill in june 2002 in battle in the area .
in june 1999 dozen of north korean sailor be kill in a similar battle .
the aegis combat system be build by the u.s. firm lockheed martin .
the aegis combat system allow a ship to combat multiple surface , underwater and aerial target .
the king sejong be also equip with locally develop ship @-@ to @-@ ship missile and torpedo as well as various ship @-@ to @-@ air missile and ship @-@ to @-@ surface cruise missile .
stealth technology be use in build the king sejong make radar detection more difficult .
the ship will be deploy operationally in 2009 .
the republic of korea be cooperate with germany to build 1800 @-@ ton modern submarine .
a second such submarine will be launch in early june 2007 .
2007 @-@ 05 @-@ 29
russian federation ( ru ) ; unite state ( us )
weapon ; military
russia test new multiple warhead missile capable of penetrate air @-@ defense system such as the u.s. shield plan for deployment in central europe .
in response to u.s. plan putin state that russia will suspend its compliance with a european conventional weapon control treaty as russia continue work to regain military parity with the u.s..
on 29 may 2007 russia state it have successfully test a new multiple warhead ballistic missile design to overcome air @-@ defense system such as the u.s. shield plan for deployment in central europe .
russia 's strategic missile force issue a statement say that the rs @-@ 24 rocket be fire from the northeastern arkhangelsk region and hit its target on the kamchatka peninsula 6000 kilometers away .
the kamchatka peninsula protrude into the pacific ocean .
accord to the statement the rs @-@ 24 reinforce the military potential of the strategic force to overcome anti @-@ missile defense system .
the test occur amidst russia 's diplomatic battle over u.s. plan to expand a missile defense shield into central europe .
the russian government consider the u.s. plan an attempt to gain nuclear power in the region .
first deputy prime minister sergei ivanov be a former defense minister and widely consider a potential successor to president vladimir putin in 2008 .
ivanov state that the rs @-@ 24 could overcome any anti @-@ missile system like that of the unite state .
ivanov be quote by interfax as state that the russian missile complex be capable of penetrate all exist and prospective anti @-@ missile system .
ivanov state that russians should be confident in the nation 's defense and security capability .
the unite state state that the plan radar base in the czech republic and 10 interceptor missile in neighboring poland would defend europe against potential threat from iran and north korea and pose no threat to russia .
president vladimir putin disagree and state that russia be suspend compliance with a european conventional weapon control treaty .
putin warn that a new arm race be possible .
accord to the statement the new rocket meet the standard of start @-@ ii missile treaty which impose restriction on the use of multiple warhead missile .
a spokesman for the strategic force state to the afp that the missile be new but use technology of the topol @-@ m missile .
accord to the statement the prototype rs @-@ 24 rocket be unlike the topol @-@ m in that it be equip with multiple independently targetable warhead to overwhelm defense system .
the ministry of defense refuse to reveal the characteristic of the new missile other than state it be design to replace the soviet @-@ era rs @-@ 18 and rs @-@ 20 rocket .
director of the moscow center for defense information ivan safranchuk state --
the rs @-@ 24 be a significant modernization of topol @-@ m .
the principle advantage be that the rs @-@ 24 be a russian rocket .
other multiple warhead missile that russia utilize be build in ukraine .
prior to the rs @-@ 24 there be no russian @-@ built multiple warhead missile .
military analyst alexander golts state that the test be part of a massive effort by the russian government to regain parity with the unite state ' strategic missile force .
golts state that the principle military political aim of the current russian leadership be to regain parity with the unite state .
2007 @-@ 06 @-@ 07
estonia ( ee )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; government ; politics ; leader ; terrorism
after estonian authority shut down state websites after a cyber attack originate from russian computer estonian official will propose that the member of the european union consider cyber attack as act of terror .
at a news conference on 7 june 2007 estonian justice minister rein lang state that estonian official will propose that european union member consider cyber attack as act of terror at a meet of european union justice minister on 13 june 2007 .
lang state that estonian official be incline to view cyber attack as act of terror in the same way american official view cyber attack .
lang state that lang predict an interesting discussion on cyber attack .
at the news conference prime minister andrus ansip restate accusation that computer in the kremlin have carry out a number of the cyber attack launch on estonian institution after a disagreement with russian official in april 2007 regard the removal of a soviet war memorial from the center of tallinn .
ansip and lang state that the attack be well organize and be a serious breach of security regardless of whether the kremlin have knowledge of the attack .
ansip state the attack come directly from the ip address of the russian president 's office .
lang state that if the computer in the kremlin be use unintentionally then there be computer in the russian administration which may be use for criminal attack .
lang state that the attack be an organize offensive against the information system of the estonian state structure and against the infrastructure of the state in general .
official in moscow have deny any involvement in the cyber attack against estonia which force estonian authority to temporarily bar access to official state websites .
some of the attack also targeted private interest such as bank .
2007 @-@ 06 @-@ 07
saudi arabia ( sa )
narcotic ; crime
drug trafficker execute in saudi arabia forsmuggling a large quantity of hashish ..
saudi arabia 's interior ministry announce that on 7 june 2007 jari bin mubarak bin muqim al @-@ dosari be execute in riyadh , saudi arabia .
a statement issue by the official spa news agency state that --
al @-@ dosari be convict of drug traffic .
al @-@ dosari be execute by the sword .
al @-@ dosari 's crime be smuggle a large quantity of hashish in collaboration with drug traffic gang .
91 people have be execute by the saudi government so far in 2007 .
accord to afp tally based on official statement --
in 2006 at least 37 people be execute in saudi arabia .
in 2005 83 people be execute in saudi arabia .
in 2004 35 people be execute in saudi arabia .
execution in saudi arabia be usually carry out in public .
public execution be a strict form of sharia .
sharia be islamic law .
capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape , murder , apostasy , arm robbery and drug traffic .
2007 @-@ 06 @-@ 12
singapore ( sg )
narcotic ; crime
an australian name michael karras skip bail in singapore on june 12 , 2007 after be charge with drug traffic .
the central narcotic bureau state on june 12 , 2007 that singaporean authority have issue an arrest warrant for an australian man charge with drug traffic after skip bail .
the warrant be issue for michael karras .
michael karras do not appear for a court appearance on may 9 , 2007 .
the lawyer of michael karras name s.s. dhillon could not be reach for comment .
accord to a court document karras be charge with traffic 437 gram or 15 ounce of cannabis and cannabis mixture .
the charge have a minimum sentence of five year of imprisonment and five stroke of the cane on conviction .
the death penalty sentence be mandatory for anyone caught traffic more than 500 gram of cannabis .
2007 @-@ 06 @-@ 12
russian federation ( ru )
international ; weapon ; government ; military ; leader
russian president putin call for a freeze on russian compliance with the treaty on conventional arm force in europe ( cfe ) due to limitation on troop movement .
nato member state and country from the former soviet bloc meet in vienna to re @-@ examine the cfe .
nato member state and country from the former soviet bloc met in vienna on 12 june 2007 to re @-@ examine the treaty on conventional arm force in europe ( cfe ) in light of tension between moscow and the west .
the cfe meet be convene at the organization for security and cooperation in europe and will last until 15 june 2007 .
the treaty on conventional arm force in europe be sign in paris in 1990 and aim at establish defense parity in europe .
the cfe come into force in 1992 and limit deployment of tank and troop in country belong to nato and the former warsaw pact in eastern europe .
chief of the russian delegation anatoly antonov state in vienna on 11 june 2007 that russian official call the meet because the russian government be unable to freely move russian troop on russian territory .
anotov referred to limitation impose by the cfe and state that the choice of which arm force to deploy belong to russian official .
russian president vladimir putin recently threaten to suspend application of the cfe amid disagreement with the government in washington over us plan to extend a missile shield into central europe .
russian and u.s. official have disagree over the cfe since 1999 with nato official state that russian official have fail to honor commitment to withdraw troop from moldova and georgia .
russian official accuse the unite state of a military buildup near russia 's border with the us plan new army base in romania and bulgaria as well as the missile shield proposal .
antonov state that russian official have serious concern over the plan for military base .
on 26 april 2007 putin cite nato 's lack of movement and call for a freeze on russian compliance with the cfe which disconcert western observer .
antonov downplayed the idea that russian official would pull out of the cfe altogether and state that the dispute over the us missile shield would not be discuss at the meet .
antonov state that the us plan for military base in romania and bulgaria will be on the meet 's agenda .
antonov reject an offer make by the us and nato ally to the russian government the week of 3 june 2007 to accept a multinational peacekeeping force in the pro @-@ russian moldovan separatist region of transdniestr .
2007 @-@ 06 @-@ 12
afghanistan ( af ) ; iran ( islamic republic of ) ( ir ) ; pakistan ( pk ) ; austria ( at )
international ; narcotic ; crime ; government
minister of public security and counter @-@ narcotic from afghanistan , iran and pakistan issue a joint statement report an agreement to strengthen joint effort to prevent cross @-@ border drug traffic .
the statement include step to improve border management to combat the transnational threat pose by opium from afghanistan .
follow a meet in vienna host by the un office on drug and crime , minister of public security and counter @-@ narcotic from afghanistan , iran and pakistan state on 12 june 2007 that the minister have agree to strengthen joint effort to prevent cross @-@ border drug traffic .
the minister issue a joint statement in which the minister commit to act to reduce the transnational threat pose by afghanistan 's opium which require a cooperative solution .
the joint statement say that the minister from afghanistan , iran and pakistan agree to take step to improve border management include --
build more physical barrier
boost law enforcement capacity
launch joint counter @-@ narcotic operation
better communication
increase intelligence @-@ share about traffic route , trafficker and suspicious shipment
the minister ' statement call on country include russia and country in the european union to which the drug be send to seek to curb demand .
the minister ' statement call on state where chemical essential for produce heroin from opium poppy be produce to stiffen procedure .
the statement say chemical precursor should be control first and foremost where the precursor be produce since the opium problem be best control at the source .
opium from poppy grow in afghanistan be the source of 90 percent of worldwide heroin production .
2007 @-@ 06 @-@ 20
australia ( au )
international ; government ; terrorism ; money ; politics
a sydney council defend a decision on june 20 , 2007 to forge a sister @-@ city relationship with bethlehem despite allegation that such a relationship would be akin to support hamas .
a sydney council defend a decision on june 20 , 2007 to forge a sister @-@ city relationship with bethlehem .
the sydney council state that the sister @-@ city relationship would not lead to the funneling of australian dollar to the islamist group hamas .
marrickville council vote on june 19 , 2007 to formalize link to bethlehem .
the new south wale jewish board of deputy state that bethlehem 's council be control by hamas .
jewish group have also state that a sister @-@ city relationship with bethlehem would be akin to offer financial support to terrorism and support hamas .
multicultural marrickville 's deputy mayor peter olive reject the claim and state that the sydney council would not be fund terrorism .
peter olive also state that hamas do not dominate bethlehem 's council because 8 of the 15 councilmen be christian and the mayor of bethlehem be christian and not a member of hamas .
peter olive state that the sister @-@ city relationship be design to improve cultural understand and deny that money would change hand .
peter olive also state that sydney do not give money to other sister city .
hamas fighter violently seize the palestinian territory of gaza on june 13 , 2007 .
the new south wale jewish board of deputy member vic alhadeff state that hamas practice terrorism and openly seek the destruction of israel .
bethlehem be the west bank city consider the birthplace of christ .
2007 @-@ 06 @-@ 25
afghanistan ( af )
narcotic ; international
the unite nation say on june 25 , 2007 that sophisticated laboratory inside afghanistan be convert 90 percent of afghanistan 's opium into heroin and morphine before smuggle it around the world .
the unite nation say on june 25 , 2007 that sophisticated laboratory inside afghanistan be convert 90 percent of afghanistan 's opium into heroin and morphine before smuggle it around the world .
the unite nation office for drug and crime ( unodc ) say afghanistan be the world 's biggest producer of opium and have export the illicit drug almost exclusively in its raw form until 2 year ago .
unodc representative christina oguz in kabul say that she believe the amount of the opium be process in afghanistan be approximately 90 percent .
oguz say that anyone fly over the major opium produce area would see a lot of small fire in the mountain , which be heroin lab .
oguz state that a couple of year ago opium be the primary drug be traffic out of afghanistan .
oguz say there have be an increase of opium be process into morphine and into heroin and that this indicate sophistication that be not previously present in afghanistan .
afghanistan account for 92 percent of the world 's heroin supply despite vast internationally @-@ back effort to eradicate its opium poppy field .
oguz say the annual income from the drug trade help finance the taliban @-@ lead insurgency plague mainly southern and eastern afghanistan and that this income total more than three billion us dollar .
oguz state that the drug have to be fight together with the insurgency .
afghanistan produce a record 6000 ton of opium in 2006 .
official say that the 2007 harvest could exceed the 2006 record because of an increase in opium cultivation in the southern province .
oguz say that favorable weather condition have also contribute to the increase .
oguz fear that afghanistan will have at least the same amount as the 2006 harvest if not more .
oguz also downplayed international effort to eradicate poppy crop and say that it be more important to provide poor opium farmer with alternative livelihood .
2007 @-@ 06 @-@ 27
brazil ( br )
crime ; narcotic
brazilian police surround slum north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug trafficker .
at least 18 people kill during firefights between police and drug dealer .
rio de janeiro 's state public safety secretary jose mariano beltrame state that --
on 27 june 2007 at least 18 people be kill during firefights between police and drug dealer .
the firefights take place in rio de janeiro 's notorious slum .
the goal be to eliminate to the drug trafficker ' arsenal .
brazil must retake control of the slum and instill public order .
the casualty count of 18 be preliminary .
the casualty count include a plain @-@ clothe police officer .
10 people be wound during the firefights .
beltrame do not know whether all those kill be drug trafficker or resident catch by stray bullet .
police gain access to area in the slum that they could not enter for decade because of the power of the trafficker .
the slum be veritable fortress .
police launch an offensive of 1350 officer .
the police officer surround the slum north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug trafficker and seize weapon and drug .
at a press conference beltrame state that 1200 local and federal police and 150 elite national security force police back by three armored personnel carrier invade the slum .
accord to image on tv globo news police use a bulldozer to topple barricade build by the trafficker .
police cordoned off the drug trafficker ' area in the early morning of 27 june 2007 .
firefights break out after police cordoned off the drug trafficker ' area .
accord to local media at least 4 suppose trafficker be kill by midday 27 june 2007 .
a source at brazil 's education secretariat state that --
local business shutter .
8 area school close affect some 4000 pupil .
since 2 may 2 2007 federal police have be deploy in nueva cruzeiro slum in the german complex to the north of rio de janeiro .
brazilian drug trafficker be extremely powerful .
brazilian drug trafficker commit crime such as order murder and traffic drug from prison cell .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 09
malaysia ( my )
international ; crime ; money ; terrorism
malaysian police chief state that luxury car steal in malaysia be be smuggle out of the country and sell to fund terrorist and criminal organization in the first time police have link the rampant auto theft in malaysia to terrorism .
most of the traffic be conduct by sophisticated global crime group who use southeast asian country as a transit stop on the smuggle route .
on 09 july 2007 a top malaysian police chief state that luxury car steal in malaysia be be smuggle out of the country and sell to fund terrorist and criminal organization .
auto theft be rampant in malaysia and malaysian police for the first time be link the crime with terrorism .
criminal investigation department director christopher wan state that 4907 luxury car be steal in malaysia in the first 5 month of 2007 represent an 11.5 percent increase since the start of 2006 .
wan be quote by state news agency bernama as state --
structure and sophisticate global criminal group be responsible for most of the traffic and smuggle of stolen vehicle .
proceed from such activity might be use to support and strengthen criminal or terrorist organization with the effect of destabilizing develop nation .
approximately 21 billion dollar worth of luxury vehicle be steal throughout asia , europe , africa and north america every year .
it be necessary to enhance information share between nation to fight theft .
southeast asian country be use as a transit stop to smuggle steal luxury vehicle .
jemaah islamiyah ( ji ) be consider the southeast asian wing of osama bin laden 's al @-@ qaeda network .
ji launch a series of attack include the bali bombings in october 2002 which kill 202 people .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 14
russian federation ( ru )
weapon ; international ; politics
russia 's government announce withdrawal from the conventional force in europe arm control treaty in hope that the accompany uncertainty will pressure european regard various military , economic , and political issue .
the russian government announce on 070714 suspension of russian adherence to the conventional force in europe ( cfe ) arm control treaty .
the cfe be a key agreement that limit the deployment of force in central and eastern europe .
us move to install anti @-@ missile base in the region be see as a key cause of the decision .
analyst say that it be europe that be likely to suffer most from the decision 's consequence .
independent defense analyst pavel felgenhauer say the cfe treaty be much more important to the european country than the us .
felgenhauer point out that russia have other problem with europe and that this withdrawal be another factor reduce confidence and deteriorate relation especially with european country .
felgenhauer predict that actual troop deployment be unlikely to change much and believe the biggest practical effect of russia 's decision will be an end to mutual inspection and confidence @-@ build measure govern by the treaty .
analyst say the hope in the russian government be that the uncertainty will weaken european resolve over a number of issue .
interfax news agency cite ivan safranchuk of the international center on defense information as say that the situation will push europe into a more active position on missile defense .
europe have largely back us plan for an anti @-@ missile radar station in the czech republic and interceptor rocket in poland .
the russian government say the us plan threaten to upset the balance of power on the continent .
other analyst be doubtful that attempt to pressure the eu would bear fruit .
editor of the moscow @-@ based journal russia in global affair fyodor lukyanov say the russian government be hope that europe 's extreme unease over this will lead to a soften of europe 's position .
lukyanov think the russian government 's calculation be wrong and that a frightened europe will join with the unite state .
lukyanov say the decision to freeze the cfe be part of a wide move by the russian government to use newly find strength to remold the foundation of transatlantic relation and that the russian government want to revise the force influence interaction in the euro @-@ atlantic area that be set when russia be weak .
political analyst and director of moscow 's institute for globalization boris kagarlitsky say the russian government also appear to be use its geopolitical strength to put pressure on europe over business tie .
kagarlitsky say the withdrawal from the treaty will be see in the west as an attempt to put pressure on a number of issue include in the economic sphere .
disagreement over energy security and a dispute over delivery of polish meat have prevent russian and european union authority from agree to a new mutual cooperation agreement .
kagarlitsky say that at some stage the russian government will put all of the economic issue on the table while express doubt whether the russian government 's goal will be achieve .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 14
russian federation ( ru )
international ; government ; military
russia withdraw from key post @-@ cold war arm treaty limit military deployment in europe .
putin demand that all nato member sign treaty .
20070714 president vladimir putin sign a decree halt russia 's participation in the 1990 conventional force in europe ( cfe ) arm control treaty .
the decree state that russia withdraw due to certain point of the treaty and exceptional security circumstance .
the russian government state that the suspension will take effect immediately .
the russian foreign ministry state that russia have not suspend dialogue .
nato spokesman james appathurai state that russia 's action be retrogressive because the nato consider the cfe treaty to be vital to european security and stability .
russia have repeatedly threaten to withdraw from the treaty due to us military encroachment into former soviet union territory such as the plan missile defense shield in europe .
in a state of the nation speech in 20070400 putin state that russia should announce a moratorium on adherence to the cfe treaty until all nato country have ratify the treaty .
putin appear to particularly target the baltic state of estonia , latvia and lithuania , former soviet republic and current nato member which be not part of the cfe treaty .
the cfe treaty limit the deployment of tank and troop in nato and former eastern european warsaw pact country and establish confidence @-@ build , transparency and cooperation measure between member state .
the treaty be sign in paris in 1990 and come into force in 1992 .
the treaty be adapt in istanbul in 1999 follow the collapse of the warsaw pact in order to limit deployment on a country @-@ by @-@ country basis .
the cfe be consider a key european post @-@ cold war security accord .
nato state have refuse to ratify the new pact because russia have fail to honor commitment make in istanbul adaptation to withdraw force from the former soviet republic of georgia and moldova .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 14
russian federation ( ru ) ; europe
international ; government ; weapon ; politics ; leader
russian president putin sign decree suspend russia 's application of european arm control treaty .
the treaty on conventional force in europe be a key post @-@ cold war security accord in europe that limit the use of arm force and heavy weaponry and prescribe measure aim at cooperation between member state .
russian news agency report on 14 july 2007 that russian president vladimir putin have sign a decree suspend application by the russian federation of the treaty on conventional force in europe arm control treaty and the associate international accord .
the russian presidential press office release this information in a statement .
the treaty on conventional force in europe ( cfe ) be sign in 1990 .
the cfe be 1 of the key post @-@ cold war security accord in europe .
the cfe limit the use of arm force and heavy weaponry and prescribe measure aim at confidence @-@ build , transparency and cooperation between member state .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 16
india ( in ) ; myanmar ( mm ) ; unite kingdom ( gb )
international ; weapon
india plan sale to myanmar of helicopter contain eu @-@ make part .
amnesty international reveal potential violation of eu arm embargo to myanmar .
20070716 the london @-@ based right group amnesty international state that a 19 @-@ year @-@ old eu arm embargo to myanmar be threaten by an indian plan to sell an attack helicopter with vital european @-@ produce component to myanmar .
the report state that the incident highlight the necessity of strict arm control .
variant of the advanced light helicopter ( alh ) contain rocket launchers from belgium ; rocket , gun and engine from france ; break system from italy ; fuel tank and gearbox from britain ; self @-@ protection equipment from a swedish company and have receive crucial design development and engine control manufacture from german company .
us company also contribute equipment to the alh despite a us arm embargo to myanmar .
amnesty international 's report be compile by european and international non @-@ governmental organization such as saferworld , which oppose arm violence .
saferworld team leader on transfer control and small arm roy isbister state --
the eu embargo prohibit direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar .
the integrity of the arm embargo depends on its implementation and enforcement .
amnesty international arm control researcher helen hughes state that greater emphasis should be place on end @-@ use agreement and re @-@ export of component from eu member state in order to avoid country indirectly support blacklist regime which commit crime against humanity .
amnesty international state --
the eu should immediately commence talk with india to prevent future sale of the alh , component or technology to india .
all future eu cooperation with india that could supply myanmar with banned item should be discontinue .
any future arm deal with india should prohibit the transfer of technology to myanmar .
india do not have an arm embargo to myanmar .
the un have note that myanmar 's widespread and systematic human right violation include summary execution , torture and recruitment of child soldier .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 16
india ( in ) ; myanmar ( mm )
military ; international ; technology ; business
amnesty international have publish a report state that an indian project to sell attack helicopter to myanmar threaten a european union arm embargo against myanmar .
on 16 july 2007 an amnesty international report be release state --
a european union arm embargo against myanmar be under threat from an indian project to sell attack helicopter to tk .
france , belgium , germany , sweden , italy and britain provide part and technology for the advanced light helicopter ( alh ) .
sale of part and technology by india would violate a 19 @-@ year @-@ old ban .
india give no official reaction .
a senior indian government official state that --
it be hypothetical to say that india be break the embargo .
no transfer of helicopter have occur .
an indian defense official from the armament production wing state that --
the amnesty international report put india in a difficult situation .
india wish to do business with myanmar .
the matter be delicate .
90 percent of the alh be european .
transfer of the alh would be in breach of the embargo .
india must keep myanmar in good humor .
myanmar be a military state .
in march 2007 myanmar decide to sell gas to china rather than india .
myanmar 's decision be a sign of china 's grow influence in myanmar .
an indian government official state that --
india continue to rely on myanmar to disrupt the flow of cross @-@ border separatist rebel into its revolt @-@ hit northeastern state .
the amnesty international report be compile by european and international non @-@ governmental forum .
the forum include saferworld .
saferworld work to prevent arm violence .
the amnesty international report suggest that --
belgium begin immediate talk with india to prevent future sale of the alh , component or military technology to myanmar .
all future production co @-@ operation with india that could lead to ban item end up in myanmar be stop .
any future arm deal with india ban the transfer of technology to myanmar .
saferworld team leader on transfer control and small arm roy isbister state that --
the eu embargo explicitly state that no military equipment should be supply either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar .
an arm embargo be purposeless if not implement or enforce .
amnesty international 's arm control researcher helen hughes state that --
country that violate such restriction could find themselves indirectly support a brutal regime whose violation have amounted to crime against humanity .
the unite nation have describe human right violation in myanmar as widespread and systematic .
human right violation in myanmar include summary execution , torture and the recruitment of child soldier .
the alh 's arsenal include --
rocket launchers from belgium
rocket , gun and engine from france
brake system from italy
fuel tank and gearbox from britain
self @-@ protection equipment from a swedish company .
control for the alh 's engine manufacture by german firm .
chile , ghana and saudi arabia have show interest in acquire the alh .
myanmar be formerly know as burma .
the amnesty international report be titled indian helicopter for myanmar : make a mockery of the eu arm embargo ?
myanmar have a military junta .
myanmar have a blunt chinese influence .
an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity .
amnesty international be a right group based in london .
the advance light helicopter ( alh ) be make in india .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 16
russia ( ru )
weapon ; military
russia will increase its missile defense by deploy the long @-@ delay s @-@ 400 triumph missile system around moscow later this month .
an air force spokesman state on july 16 , 2007 that russia will increase its missile defense by deploy the long @-@ delay s @-@ 400 triumph missile system around moscow later in july .
air force spokesman alexander drobyshevsky say one division and a command point will be put into combat duty at the end of the month .
this be report by news agency interfax .
russia successfully test s @-@ 400 missile on july 12 and 13 , 2007 .
this be immediately before the kremlin announce its withdrawal from a key european arm control treaty .
s @-@ 400 missile be also know by their nato designation sa @-@ 21 growler .
the missile be to first be deploy in 2001 and be design to shoot down medium @-@ range ballistic missile and aircraft from as far away as 400 kilometers ( 250 mile ) .
that be twice as far as the u.s. patriot missile .
russia and the unite state be dispute over missile defense .
russia accuse the unite state of provoke a new arm race with the unite state ' plan to deploy a missile shield in central europe .
russia say the system be a clear threat to russian security .
the unite state say the system be not aim at russia .
it against potential missile threat from country such as iran and north korea .
the kremlin say on july 14 , 2007 that russia be withdraw from the 1990 conventional force in europe treaty which limit the deployment of arm in europe .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 16
india ( in ) ; myanmar ( mm )
international ; military
amnesty international reveal in a report publish on july 16 , 2007 which state that a european union arm embargo against myanmar be under threat from an indian project to sell helicopter to myanmar .
amnesty international publish a report on july 16 , 2007 which state that a european union arm embargo against myanmar be under threat from an indian project to sell military helicopter to myanmar .
the report titled " indian helicopter for myanmar : make a mockery of the eu arm embargo ? " be compile by european and international non @-@ governmental organization include saferworld .
safeworld 's team leader on transfer control and small arm roy isbister state that the embargo explicitly state that no military equipment should be supply directly or indirectly for use in myanmar .
the report also identify company in the unite state that make equipment for myanmar despite a similar arm embargo .
roy isbister question the purpose of have an arm embargo without enforcement .
the report urge belgium to begin immediate talk with india in order to prevent future weapon sale to myanmar .
the european union arm embargo against myanmar have be in place for 19 year .
france , belgium , germany , sweden , italy and britain provide part and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plan to sell to myanmar .
amnesty international state that since the indian @-@ manufacture helicopter would not be operational without the component from the european union member there be an urgent need for strict arm control .
belgium supply the rocket launchers .
france provide the rocket , gun and engine .
italy provide the brake system .
britain provide fuel tank and gearbox .
a swedish company provide self @-@ protection equipment .
german company be say to be crucial for the development of the aircraft 's design and the manufacture of control for the engine .
an indian government official state that india do not attach much credence to report by amnesty international .
the official also state india do give defense hardware support to myanmar but the equipment be not offense nor top of the line .
the official also state that myanmar be help in the battle against insurgent in india 's northeast .
another indian official state that the technology be for communication only and not for offensive operation .
india 's foreign and defense ministry do not comment .
amnesty 's arm control researcher helen hughes state that greater attention have to be give to the end @-@ use agreement and the re @-@ export of component from european union member state .
helen hughes state that without this attention the state could indirectly prop up a brutal regime which the european union have condemn and whose violation have amounted to crime against humanity .
indian do not have an arm embargo against myanmar .
amnesty international be a london @-@ based right group .
saferworld work to prevent arm violence .
myanmar be formerly call burma .
the unite nation have describe human right violation in myanmar as widespread and systematic .
these human right violation include summary execution , torture and the recruitment of child soldier .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 20
germany ( de ) ; russian federation ( ru ) ; unite state ( us )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; government
russia announce that it will suspend participation in the conventional force in europe ( cfe ) arm control treaty , which limit the deployment of troop and tank in nato and former warsaw pact nation .
germany will host meeting to salvage the cfe .
on 20 january 2007 a statement from german foreign minister frank @-@ walter steinmeier state that --
berlin will host top @-@ level meeting in october to save key european arm control treaty conventional force in europe ( cfe ) .
the meeting be urgent .
the meeting will map the way forward .
steinmeier will invite high @-@ rank official to berlin in early october 2007 to create condition for concrete dialogue .
steinmeier have deep concern over russia 's withdrawal from the cfe .
the cfe be a cornerstone of international arm control .
steinmeier issue the statement after steinmeier met with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov in berlin .
last week russia announce that it will suspend participation in the cfe .
the meeting will follow russia 's withdrawal from the cfe .
the cfe limit the deployment of troop and tank in nato and former warsaw pact nation .
russia 's withdrawal from the cfe take place during a dispute with the us over us plan to deploy an anti @-@ missile system in central europe .
russia view the pentagon 's plan to implement missile defense equipment near russia an act of intimidation .
president vladimir putin have angrily warn that if the us proceed russia will point missile at europe .
lavrov tell russian reporter in berlin that --
he be hopeful russia and the west can reach an agreement over the treaty .
russia wish to preserve and strengthen the arm control program .
russia will conduct further discussion .
there be a chance that russia will reach an acceptable agreement with the west .
earlier this week the russian defense ministry turn down an offer by nato for consultation on the cfe .
russia say it be ready to discuss the situation with the unite state .
lavrov have tell us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remain open to dialogue .
russia 's dispute with the us utilize cold war rhetoric .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 21
iran , islamic republic of ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
iran execute a convict murderer and a drug trafficker .
media source report that at least 121 people have be execute in iran so far in 2007 .
21 july 2007 -- media report state that iran have hang a convict murderer and a drug trafficker .
the hanging be public .
the hanging take place in 2 iranian city .
eternad newspaper report that the murderer be hang in khoramabadon the morning of 19 july 2007 .
the murderer be unnamed .
the murder be convict of kill a man in march 2007 .
isna news agency state that drug trafficker naeem m. be hang on 21 july 2007 for smuggle heroin .
naeem m. be hang in zabol , sistan @-@ baluchestan province .
naeem m. smuggle 10 kilogram ( 22 pound ) of heroin .
at least 121 execution have be carry out in iran in 2007 .
most execution in iran have be by hang .
most execution in iran have take place in public .
amnesty international have state that at least 177 people be execute in iran in 2006 .
capital offenses in iran include murder , rape , arm robbery , apostasy , blasphemy , serious drug traffic , repeat sodomy , adultery , prostitution , treason and espionage .
iran be an islamic republic .
zabol be a town in southeastern iran .
khoramabad be a city in western iran .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 26
libyan arab jamahiriya ( ly ) ; france ( fr )
proliferation ; energy ; international ; business
france be criticize over france 's plan to build a nuclear reactor in libya while nuclear proliferation expert dismiss concern .
on 070726 france be criticize over france 's plan to build a nuclear reactor in libya .
nuclear proliferation expert dismiss concern that the french @-@ libyan nuclear reactor deal be tantamount to hand moamer kadhafi a nuclear bomb .
an official with france 's atomic energy commission insist that international safeguard impose after libya dissolve the libyan military nuclear program would prevent any libyan nuclear proliferation .
other expert agree with the with french atomic energy commission official .
sortir du nucleaire state that the official reason for the libyan nuclear reactor be a deception as the civilian and military use of nuclear technology be indissociable .
the official reason for the libyan nuclear reactor be to desalinate sea water .
sortir du nucleaire state that deliver civilian nuclear energy to libya would amount to eventually help libya to acquire nuclear weapon .
sortir du nucleaire state that libya be rich in oil and gas and libya be very amply self @-@ sufficient in energy .
sortir du nucleaire state that if libya wish to diversify libyan power production than libya should logically give priority to solar energy because libya enjoy remarkable level of sunshine all year long .
a memorandum on build the new nuclear reactor in libya be sign as french president nicolas sarkozy hold talk with libyan leader muammar kadhafi on 070725 .
on 070724 the libyan government free 6 foreign medic after france and european union official have play a key role in the process of secure the release of the 6 foreign medic .
greenpeace france state that the french @-@ libyan nuclear reactor deal pose an enormous problem in term of nuclear proliferation and brand the french @-@ libyan nuclear reactor deal as in keep with the french policy of irresponsible export of nuclear technology .
greenpeace point out that previous french president have sign nuclear deal with the former shah of iran , with the former iraqi dictator saddam hussein and with south africa during the apartheid era .
frederic marillier state that the official reason the nuclear reactor be be sell to libya be to desalinate sea water to improve libya 's supply of drink water .
frederic marillier state that frederic marillier want to know who iran and france think would believe this reason for build the nuclear reactor .
frederic marillier be in charge of greenpeace 's energy campaign .
the french opposition socialist party ask if it be not a bit soon to be throw france into kadhafi 's arm and give him france 's international endorsement ?
the french opposition socialist party state that civilian nuclear technology can be use eventually to develop military application .
the french green party accuse nicolas sarkozy of boundless cynicism root in the risk of strike a nuclear deal with an undemocratic state .
simon nisan state that the 070726 french @-@ libyan nuclear reactor deal follow the signature in 060300 of a agreement for bilateral cooperation in nuclear research and technology .
simon nisan be a member of france 's atomic energy commission and be in charge of nuclear @-@ power desalination project .
the 060300 of a agreement for bilateral cooperation focus primarily on a nuclear research centre at tajura whose nuclear reactor be supply by the soviet union in 790000 .
tajura be near tripoli .
simon nisan state that international atomic energy agency control make it almost impossible to divert the nuclear technology to military use .
simon nisan state that the international atomic energy agency control be so tight that a person do not have the right to remove fuel without the presence of international atomic energy agency inspector .
simon nisan state that the material generate be low @-@ enrich uranium and not highly @-@ enrich uranium which be need for nuclear bomb .
in 040000 weapon @-@ grade uranium store at the nuclear research centre in tajura be remove under international atomic energy agency scrutiny and be send for recycle to russia after muammar kadhafi pledge to give up weapon of mass destruction in 030000 .
russia have originally supply the uranium to iran .
a diplomat in vienna that be close with the international atomic energy agency state that the libyan government have have very good cooperation with the international atomic energy agency since 030000 .
mark fitzpatrick in london state that mark fitzpatrick see no proliferation risk for the plan to build a nuclear reactor in libya because of the fact that libya be still cooperate with the international atomic energy agency and based on the manner in which libya turn over and destroy equipments .
mark fitzpatrick be a member of the international institute for strategic study .
mark fitzpatrick state that libya 's cooperation with the international atomic energy agency , the government of the unite kingdom and the unite state government have be exemplary .
mark fitzpatrick state that it be important for the rest of the world to see that when a country abandon nuclear weapon programs and weapon of mass destruction that there be tangible benefit .
mark fitzpatrick state that this cooperation with france be a direct result of libya abandon nuclear weapon programs and weapon of mass destruction .
2007 @-@ 08 @-@ 18
saudi arabia ( sa )
international ; government ; dissent ; crime ; politics
more than 60 saudi activist have sign a petition call for the release of a group of reformists hold in the ultra @-@ conservative kingdom since early february 2007 .
the group be accuse of fund terrorism .
more than 60 saudi activist have sign a petition call for the release of a group of reformists hold in the ultra @-@ conservative kingdom since early february 2007 .
the group be accuse of fund terrorism .
the petition be a copy of which be obtain by afp in dubai .
the petition be sign by 67 activist and sent to the justice ministry and advisory shura council in riyadh and to 2 government @-@ sanction human right watchdog .
the petition say the reformists have be hold for longer than 6 month without a trial and that under saudi law they should therefore be release .
saudi arabia be an absolute monarchy that have take step towards reform .
this include hold male @-@ only election in 2005 to elect half of the member of municipal council .
the petition state the 7 reformists have be arrest in an undignified way and have be deny access to lawyer to be inform of the specific accusation of their detention .
the petition list those be hold as issam basrawi , saud al @-@ hashimi , suleiman al @-@ rashudi , sharif khalib , musa al @-@ qarni , abdul rahman al @-@ shamiri and abdul aziz al @-@ khariji .
the petition also say that the reformists should be compensate upon their release .
writer mohammed bin hudeijan al @-@ harbi tell afp in april 2007 that 3 of the reformists be hold have sign a petition to king abdullah call for the establishment of an islam @-@ based constitutional monarchy .
the petition demand the introduction of a parliament elect by all adult - men and women in saudi arabia .
2007 @-@ 08 @-@ 18
iraq ( iq ) ; jordan ( jo )
international ; terrorism ; money ; politics ; crime
interpol issue want notice for saddam hussein 's daughter raghad for suspicion of terrorism and incite violence .
raghad seek refuge in jordan , where she be protect by king abdullah ii .
on 18 august 2007 international police organization interpol issue a red notice for raghad hussein on suspicion of terrorism .
interpol 's red notice be not an international arrest warrant .
interpol 's red notice be a request for foreign police force to cooperate in find and extradite raghad to iraq .
raghad face charge of terrorism in iraq .
raghad hussein be saddam hussein 's eldest daughter .
interpol post the red notice on interpol 's website .
interpol 's red notice state that an iraqi arrest warrant be issue accuse raghad of terrorism and incite crime against life and health .
the red notice list the name as raghad saddam husayn al @-@ majid .
the red notice state that raghad be believe to have both iraqi and jordanian nationality .
iraqi interior ministry operation director major general abdel karim khalaf state that --
a judicial order be issue against raghad 1 year ago by the central criminal court .
the judicial order accuse raghad of fund terrorism .
raghad be live in amman .
raghad 's arrest would depend on jordanian authority .
the order of interpol bind on all country be associate with interpol .
raghad have live in jordan since july 2003 .
raghad be know by some as little saddam .
raghad have an aggressive temperament .
since 2006 raghad hussein have be on a list of people associate with saddam hussein 's regime .
the new iraqi government seek to prosecute the people associate with saddam hussein 's regime for allegedly incite violence .
the list have 41 people .
raghad 's location at the time the notice be issue be unknown .
raghad have publicly defend saddam .
sister rana and mother sajida have not publicly defend saddam .
sajida be subject to an iraqi arrest warrant .
interpol state that raghad have be the subject of a red notice since late 2006 .
interpol state that people with knowledge of raghad 's location should contact local police or interpol 's headquarters .
in amman lawyer and member of saddam 's former defense team issam al @-@ ghazzawi state that --
raghad be a guest of king abdullah ii .
iraq request that jordan extradite raghad in 2006 .
at that time jordan refuse .
jordan cannot be force to extradite raghad .
interpol 's arrest warrant may not be bind .
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit state that --
raghdad hussein and family be live under the protection of king abdullah ii .
the presence of mrs raghad saddam hussein and her children in jordan be motivate by humanitarian consideration .
raghad be the guest of the hashemite royal family .
in march 2003 saddam be drive from power by a us @-@ lead invasion and flee .
saddam be the former dictator of iraq .
in december 2003 saddam be capture .
on 30 december 2006 saddam hussein be execute .
in july 2003 us troop kill saddam 's son uday and qusay hussein .
in july 2003 raghad and family leave syria .
raghad and rana seek refuge in jordan .
raghad 's mother sajida and sister hala seek refuge in qatar .
in 1996 raghad and rana 's husband general hussein kamel hassan and brother saddam kamel be kill in iraq .
the men be kill after 5 year in exile in jordan .
raghad and rana 's relation with saddam , uday and qusay disintegrate after the men be kill .
raghad and rana accuse saddam , uday and qusay of kill the men .
raghad and rana help hire a defense team for saddam when saddam be in u.s. custody .
jordanian authority state that raghad could not abuse the term of asylum by make political statement .
raghad 's supporter accuse baghdad 's u.s. @-@ back government of persecute raghad for vengeance .
raghad hussein be 38 year old .
raghad be know for be haughty and strong @-@ willed .
raghad be a 5 @-@ foot @-@ 7 socialite with a taste for stylish clothe .
raghad be an unlikely defender of saddam 's legacy .
amman be the capital of jordan .
interpol be headquartered in lyon , france .
2007 @-@ 08 @-@ 20
iraq ( iq ) ; jordan ( jo )
international ; government ; crime ; terrorism ; money
on august 20 , 2007 jordan rule out any move to relinquish saddam hussein 's eldest daughter raghad .
raghad saddam hussein be want by the iraqi government on suspicion of terrorism .
on august 20 , 2007 jordan rule out any move to relinquish saddam hussein 's eldest daughter raghad .
raghad saddam hussein be want by the iraqi government on suspicion of terrorism .
government spokesman nasser jawdeh tell a press brief that the issue of release raghad saddam hussein have not be raise .
jawdeh say raghad saddam hussein 's presence in jordan be motivate by humanitarian consideration and raghad saddam hussein do not practice any political or media @-@ relate activity .
iraq on august 18 , 2007 ask for jordan 's cooperation to arrest raghad saddam hussein after the international police organization interpol issue a want red notice .
iraqi interior ministry operation director major general abdel karim khalaf say a judicial order be issue against raghad saddam hussein a year ago by the central criminal court .
the court accuse raghad saddam hussein of fund terrorism .
khalaf say raghad saddam hussein 's arrest would depend on jordanian authority because the order of interpol bind all country who be associate with it and raghad saddam hussein be stay in amman .
raghad saddam hussein have live in jordan since july 2003 and since last year have be on a list of 41 people that the new iraqi government be seek to prosecute for allegedly incite violence and be associate with saddam hussein 's regime .
jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit say in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family be live under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issue its warrant .
2007 @-@ 09 @-@ 04
russian federation ( ru ) ; afghanistan ( af )
international ; narcotic ; crime ; government
the russian anti @-@ drug agency announce a seizure of tonne of opium and marijuana worth approximately 1.7 million unite state dollar in 6 former soviet bloc country .
on 070904 the russian anti @-@ drug agency state that a large quantity of opium and other drug worth approximately 1.7 million unite state dollar be seize in a major operation in six former soviet bloc country last week .
the drug seizure be unprecedented in scope and involve the country of the collective security treaty organisation .
the collective security treaty organisation country involve in the drug seizure be armenia , belarus , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , russia and tajikistan .
the russian anti @-@ drug agency state that the 9.7 metric ton of drug seize include 191 kilogram of heroin , 226 kilogram of hashish , 4.3 metric ton of opium , 4.3 metric ton of marijuana , 11 kilogram of cocaine and 26 kilogram of synthetic drug .
the russian anti @-@ drug agency state that afghanistan participate in the joint anti @-@ drug effort for the first time .
the drug seizure operation be conduct from 070828 until 070903 and also involve ukraine and poland .
the russian anti @-@ drug agency state that afghanistan be the world 's top heroin producer and the drug seizure operation be codenamed kanal @-@ 2007 .
during the drug seizure operation an afghan drug trafficker be arrest in carry 15 kilogram of heroine and 35 kilogram of cannabis .
afghan drug trafficker be catch in tajikistan .
tajikistan be part of the transit route use to smuggle drug to russia and western europe .
2007 @-@ 09 @-@ 06
iran ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
the fars news agency state that iran hang two drug trafficker in its southern port city of bandar abbas on september 6 , 2007 .
it be a day after iran execute 21 criminal in one morning .
the fars news agency state that iran hang two drug trafficker in its southern port city of bandar abbas on september 6 , 2007 .
it be a day after iran execute 21 criminal in one morning .
the report say the two men be identify only as ali d. and karim t. and be hang for traffic in heroin and opium .
it do not say if the men have be hang in prison .
iran have hang 17 drug trafficker in prison in its northwestern city of mashhad on the morning of september 5 , 2007 .
four other criminal be hang in public in the southern city of shiraz .
iran have recently increase execution of rapist , drug trafficker and others deem a public menace as part of a campaign aim at improve security in society .
the new hanging bring the number of execution carry out in iran so far this year to at least 191 .
the execution be often public and almost always by hang .
that figure now exceed the 177 people who be execute in 2006 accord to amnesty international .
iran be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
2007 @-@ 09 @-@ 06
china ( cn )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; government ; politics ; military
british newspaper have report that chinese military have hack into british government network .
china 's foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu deny the chinese government 's involvement and state the chinese government 's willingness to cooperate with the international community during investigation into the hack attack .
china 's foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu state on 6 september 2007 that statement that the chinese military have make cyber attack on the network of foreign government be groundless and irresponsible and be a result of ulterior motive .
jiang state that the chinese government have oppose and prohibit any cyber crime and have explicit law and regulation regard cyber crime .
jiang state the chinese government be willing to cooperate with the international community to investigate the alleged attack but chinese police have not receive any request from relevant country on cooperative investigation .
jiang 's statement respond to news report carry by the time and the independent newspaper in london that chinese computer hackers have infiltrate british government network .
the time quote an unidentified british government source as state that the chinese government be engage in hostile intelligence activity .
the source state the chinese government be focusing on electronic mean to hack into system to discover britain 's defense and foreign policy secret instead of use the old @-@ fashion method and that the chinese government be technologically advance and adept at hack .
the report be issue after us president george w. bush state that a discussion of the issue of suspect chinese cyber @-@ attack on the us defense department could occur during a meet with chinese president hu jintao in sydney on 6 september 2007 .
the pentagon state on 4 september 2007 that several nation and group have be try to break into the us military 's computer system after the financial time report china 's military had successfully hack into the network in june 2007 .
on 4 september 2007 jiang deny the hack allegation .
german chancellor angela merkel raise concern during a visit to beijing the week of 26 august 2007 after press report state chinese military had conduct cyber espionage on government office in berlin .
2007 @-@ 09 @-@ 08
china ( cn ) ; france ( fr )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; government ; politics
chinese government refuse to comment on french allegation of chinese involvement in cyber attack launch on government system in france .
the french spokesman do not directly implicate the chinese military as unnamed official in other country have do follow similar recent cyber attack .
on 10 september 2007 china 's foreign ministry refuse to respond to comment make by a top french security official that government computer system in france have be targeted in a chinese cyber @-@ attack .
a chinese ministry spokesman state that the government of china do not have any information regard the statement make by french secretary general of national defense francis delon .
on 08 september 2007 delon state that information system in france have be infiltrate by group involve china .
delon do not directly implicate the chinese military as unnamed official in other country have do .
delon state that the french government have indication that its information system be the object of attack similar to attack that have occur in other country .
delon 's comment confirm a report publish in french newspaper le monde .
delon state that the french government have proof of chinese involvement in the cyber attack but that this do not mean the chinese government be involve .
delon state that there be no indication now that the cyber attack be launch by the chinese people 's liberation army .
press report in recent week have cite unnamed official from the unite state , germany and britain state that the chinese military have be involve in cyber attack on their government websites .
on 06 september 2007 chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu deny involvement by china 's army in international computer espionage .
jiang state that allegation that the chinese military launch cyber attack on the network of foreign government be groundless , irresponsible and the result of ulterior motive .
2007 @-@ 09 @-@ 11
china ( cn ) ; france ( fr )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; government
china state on september 11 , 2007 that chinese websites have be the subject of cyber attack .
multiple western country suspect china of conduct cyber attack against western nation .
china state on september 11 , 2007 that china be a frequent victim of cyber attack .
several western government include the unite state , germany and the unite kingdom have accuse china 's military of hack the websites of western government .
china have consistently deny that the chinese army be involve in international computer espionage .
jiang yu state on september 4 , 2007 that cyber attack accusation against china be groundless , irresponsible and a result of ulterior motive .
the latest incident involve france and french secretary general of national defense francis delon state on september 8 , 2007 that government information system in france have be infiltrate in attack involve china .
francis delon do not directly implicate the chinese military or government .
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu state that cyber hack be a global issue .
jiang yu state that china 's government have always be oppose to cyber crime and have strict law and regulation against cyber crime .
2007 @-@ 09 @-@ 21
syrian arab republic ( sy ) ; korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp )
international ; government ; weapon ; technology
south korea 's yonhap news agency state the government of north korea and syria have strengthen missile cooperation .
the north korean government have train syrian missile engineer and the syrian government have barter farm product and computer for missile from north korea .
south korea 's yonhap news agency state on 21 september 2007 that the government of north korea and syria have strengthen missile cooperation .
yonhap quote unidentified north korea observer and state that the cooperation be compose of a barter system and begin in 1995 due to syria 's worsen financial condition .
yonhap state --
syrian missile engineer have stay in pyongyang to train and acquire technology .
syria have ship cotton , food and computer to north korea in return for buy short @-@ range missile .
the unite state government have accuse north korea of be a lead global proliferator of weapon of mass destruction .
north korea be impoverish and the north korean government have continue export missile which be a major source of hard currency earnings .
yonhap state the north korean government have sell approximately 100 missile to syria , iran and other country each year .
north korea 's missile launch have heighten tension in the region since 1997 .
in 1998 the north korean government test @-@ fire a long @-@ range missile over japan and alarm the japanese government .
in july 2006 the north korean government test @-@ fire 7 missile include the taepodong @-@ 2 which in theory could reach the us west coast .
the north korean government test a series of short @-@ range missile in 2007 .
2007 @-@ 09 @-@ 25
kazakhstan ( kz )
international ; government ; weapon ; politics ; proliferation ; economy ; leader
kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev address the un general assembly regard nuclear arm , state that kazakhstan have benefitted from end its nuclear program and encourage other nation to do the same .
on 25 september 2007 kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev state to the un general assembly session that --
kazakhstan yield tangible economic benefit by end kazakhstan 's nuclear program .
kazakhstan voluntarily renounce nuclear arm .
kazakhstan urge other nation to renounce nuclear arm .
acquire weapon of mass destruction be irrational .
kazakhstan renounce kazakhstan 's nuclear missile arsenal .
kazakhstan dismantle the nuclear missile arsenal 's infrastructure .
for the first time in history a nation have voluntarily relinquish destructive force .
kazakhstan have experience an inflow of considerable investment .
the investment have become a foundation of accomplishment in global development .
kazakhstan have consolidate kazakhstan 's independence .
kazakhstan have receive security assurance of all nuclear @-@ weapon state .
other nation should follow kazakhstan 's example .
other nation should not waste money on the arm race .
kazakhstan have be approach by china and the west as a potential energy source .
pipeline be be build to connect kazakhstan to the outside world .
kazakhstan 's nuclear missile arsenal be the fourth largest in the world .
kazakhstan 's kashagan oil field may contain 38 billion barrel of oil .
13 billion of the 38 billion barrel of oil in kazakhstan 's kashagan oil field be consider recoverable .
nazarbayev do not name iran or north korea .
2007 @-@ 10 @-@ 01
india ( in )
terrorism ; money ; politics
indian security chief to discuss prevention of fund terrorism through stock market investment and international remittance to india .
20071001 an anonymous senior indian home ministry official engage in anti @-@ terrorism operation state to afp --
head of federal intelligence agency , state police chief and special agent from government unit will meet 20071003 @-@ 20071005 in new delhi to discuss how to prevent extremist group from invest in india 's rapidly expand stock market to fund terrorist attack .
the agenda will include receive input that finance be or could be raise in the stock market to fund terrorism in india and elsewhere .
20070900 the indian spy agency the research and analysis wing ( raw ) warn the national market watchdog that individual or group link to al @-@ qaeda could be invest in the rise stock market .
india 's benchmark bombay stock exchange sensitive index ( sensex ) have recently experience a series of record high .
as of 20071001 indian market have reach 11.63 billion dollar in 2007 .
in the same period in 2006 the figure be 4.86 billion dollar .
the official state --
india have an ongoing process to scan dubious investment hope to further consolidate resource to oppose the new menace of invest to fund terrorism .
the government seek to determine how recent terrorist attack in india be fund .
the government have monitor global remittance to india to attempt to eradicate money launder by outlaw extremist organization .
the official state that the central reserve bank of india and the finance ministry would begin the process of verify operation by 100000 s of sub @-@ agent of international remittance firm .
20071001 the time of india state that the government 's financial intelligence unit have identify 800 suspicious transaction involve global remittance company in recent month .
india permit only inbound remittance through money wire transfer service with a cap of 2500 us dollar on each transfer .
recent terrorist attack in india --
20070800 a series of bomb kill 42 people in hyderabad .
20070500 a bomb attack at a mosque in hyderabad kill 11 .
20060711 a series of bomb plant on rush @-@ hour train kill 186 and injure nearly 800 in india 's financial center mumbai .
india have be engage in a violent conflict with islamic militant in disputed kashmir since 1989 and face regular attack on security personnel in the revolt @-@ ridden northeastern state .
2007 @-@ 10 @-@ 03
india ( in )
international ; terrorism ; money ; government
the home minister of india issue an alert on october 3 , 2007 against possible terror attack that could hinder development in india .
home minister shivraj patil of india issue an alert on october 3 , 2007 against possible terror attack at religious site and warn that militant could fund the attack with counterfeit money .
home minister shivraj patil do not mention a specific threat .
a national meet of indian security chief occur after the alert issuance on october 3 , 2007 .
official state in the meet the security chief discuss way to stop extremist group use the country 's fast rise domestic stock market to fund terrorist attack .
head of federal intelligence agency , state police chief and special agent from government unit attend the meet .
the meet be 3 day long .
official attend the meet state that fund of terrorism playeda large part in the close discussion .
the venue be guard by heavily @-@ arm soldier .
shivraj patil state that the extremist be likely to create mischief and violence at place where innocent people congregate in large number .
shivraj patil also state that religious place , police and politician can be attack and fake currency note may be use to fund terrorism .
on september 3 , 2007 , the research and analysis wing inform india 's market watch group that extremist link to the al @-@ qaeda terror network might be put money into india 's bull market .
a top intelligence official state that various other agency chase ghost investor in stock have give similar warning .
shivraj patil state that terror attack could affect foreign investment .
shivraj patil also state that because large volume of fund be invest in development activity in india without a sense of security prevail in the state investment be go to suffer in india .
shivraj patil also state that development need security and security need development and for that reason police cannot lag behind .
shivraj patil be in charge of india 's internal security .
the research and analysis wing be india 's spy agency .
since august 2007 2 separate terrorist bombings in hyderabad city have leave a total of 53 people dead .
hyderabad city be india 's emerge software hub .
india 's economy be grow at an annual rate of 9 % .
only china 's economy be grow at a faster annual rate .
the high annual growth rate entice investor into all sector .
a bull run in the indian stock market have lead to an unprecedented fund inflow of 11.63 billion dollar so far in 2007 .
this fund inflow exceed the inflow of 4.86 billion dollar during the same period in 2006 .
in july 2006 a series of blast plant on rush hour train kill 186 commuter and injure nearly 800 in mumbai .
mumbai be india 's financial hub .
2007 @-@ 10 @-@ 04
mauritania ( mr )
narcotic ; money ; crime ; international
in september 2007 prosecutor charge mohamed ould ahmed salem and khattry ould ahmed for money launder .
a court say the case be not valid because the prosecution have no jurisdiction to charge lawyer in a case already in the court .
the state prosecutor state on 4 october 2007 that an appeal court in mauritania drop money launder charge bring against 2 lawyer defend a drug trafficker .
in september 2007 prosecutor charge mohamed ould ahmed salem and khattry ould ahmed for money launder after salem and ahmed receive 10000 s of euros believe to have be advance payment for service in the defense of a suspect mauritanian trafficker .
salem and ahmed be also accuse of use criminally generate money after reportedly withdraw from a currency exchange bureau the equivalent of 200000 euros ( 282000 dollar ) transfer by the mauritanian businessman .
salem deny the fund be relate to the traffic case but for a long @-@ stand contract worth 2 million euros with the businessman for other issue .
act prosecutor ahmed ould abdellahi state to afp that a court on 3 october 2007 say the case be not valid because the prosecution have no jurisdiction to charge lawyer in a case already in the court .
30 people include mauritanians , moroccans , mexicans and senegalese be arrest after 830 kilogram ( 1830 pound ) of cocaine be seize on a bus in the capital nouakchott in august 2007 .
the seizure be think to be the biggest drug haul in mauritania 's history .
west africa have become an increasingly important transit point for south american drug destine for europe .
2007 @-@ 10 @-@ 06
afghanistan ( af )
international ; government ; crime ; narcotic
afghan authority raid a drug laboratory and a custom office on 6 october 2007 .
4 ton of liquid heroin and 1 ton of hashish be seize .
afghan authority state on 7 october 2007 that authority have seize 4 ton of liquid heroin and 1 ton of hashish packed to look like a brand of instant yeast .
the find be make separately near the border with iran which be a main smuggle route for drug from afghanistan .
deputy interior minister general daud daud tell reporter in kabul that the heroin be discover on 6 october 2007 in the southwestern province of farah when a drug laboratory be raid .
daud state that a total of 4030 kilogram ( 8866 pound ) of heroin and 1 ton of chemical use to make the heroin be seize and the lab have be destroy .
daud state that the find be one of the government 's biggest .
4 men be arrest .
daud state that the men export the drug in liquid form as animal medicine to iran .
herat province governor sayed hussain anwari state that hashish be find at a custom office at the main border cross between afghanistan and iran .
official show journalist a ship container hold 100 s of 500 gram packet of a brand of instant yeast call hollandia .
inside the wrap be a 2 nd cover around dark hashish that read black gold and pak delight .
the unite nation state in an annual drug survey release in august 2007 that afghanistan 's opium production in 2007 rise by approximately 1 @/@ 3 rd to 8200 ton annually .
afghanistan produce 93 percent of the world 's opium use to make heroin .
the u.n. survey say most of the opium be convert to heroin within afghanistan and the main market for afghanistan 's opium include europe and central asia .
the u.n. survey say the cultivation of cannabis which be use to make hashish increase from 50000 hectare ( 123500 acre ) in 2006 to 70000 hectare in 2007 .
2007 @-@ 10 @-@ 08
tajikistan ( tj )
international ; weapon ; government ; narcotic ; crime
tajik border police say on october 8 , 2007 that the police have kill one smuggler , wound another and seize 90 kilo ( 198 pound ) of opium after intercept the smuggler as the pair try to enter from afghanistan .
tajik border police say on october 8 , 2007 that the police have kill 1 smuggler , wound another and seize 90 kilo ( 198 pound ) of opium after intercept the smuggler as the pair try to enter from afghanistan .
a police spokesman tell afp that the smuggler have open fire on officer after be told to surrender .
the wound smuggler be arrest and police seize the opium , 2 kalashnikov rifle and aproximately 300 bullet .
the police spokesperson state that the smuggler be first spot at odinaboi .
odinaboi be a mountain village locate near the border about 230 kilometers ( 140 mile ) southeast of the capital dushanbe .
tajikistan 's border be 1344 kilometers ( 835 mile ) long .
tajikistan southern border be afghanistan .
avaz yudlashev say the security force be brace for more heroin and opium smuggle from afghanistan .
opium production have increase in afghanistan .
avaz yudlashev be from tajikistan 's anti @-@ drug agency .
7 afghan smuggler last month be sentence to prison term of between 17 and 20 year .
the sentence be punishment for smuggle a total of 335 kilo of drug into the country in summer of last year .
a recent un report state that afghanistan produce 93 percent of the world 's opium use to make heroin and afghanistan 's opium production increase by a third to 8200 ton annually in 2007 .
afghan authority say on october 7 , 2007 that 4 ton of liquid heroin and 1 ton of hashish packed to look like a brand of instant yeast be seize .
the seizure be one of the largest to date .
the main market for afghanistan 's opium include europe and central asia .
2007 @-@ 10 @-@ 27
iran ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
iran execute 3 drug trafficker on october 27 , 2007 .
on october 27 , 2007 iran hang 3 drug trafficker in the central province of yazd .
the unidentified men be convict of traffic , possess , and distribute opium .
one man be hang in the prison of the town of ardekan and the other 2 be execute in the central prison of yazd .
yazd be the provincial capital .
at least 235 people have be hang in iran in 2007 accord to a count compile from local press report and witness .
many people be hang in public .
in 2006 iran hang at least 177 people accord to amnesty international .
capital offence in iran include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
iran have noticeably increase the number of execution in recent month as official enforce a campaign aim at promote virtue and boost security in society .
2007 @-@ 10 @-@ 30
russian federation ( ru ) ; ukraine ( ua )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; politics ; leader
russian national of a group call the eurasian youth union claim to have hack and disable the website of ukrainian president viktor yushchenko .
the eurasian youth union state that the hack be a retaliation against ukrainian attack on the website of the eurasian youth union .
russian nationalist claim on october 30 , 2007 to have hack into and disable the official website of ukrainian president viktor yushchenko in a retaliation cyber attack .
the president 's press office do not identify the suspect hackers .
a group call the eurasian youth union orchestrate the attack because the website of the eurasian youth union have come under attack by ukrainian authority .
the eurasian youth union state that president viktor yushchenko 's official website will not work unless ukraine stop attack the official website of the eurasian youth group .
the president 's press office state that the attack against viktor yushchenko 's website www.president.gov.ua begin on october 28 , 2007 and continue onto october 30 , 2007 .
the president 's press office state that 18000 separate cyber attack against the website be register come from the unite kingdom , israel , kazakhstan , the russian federation , ukraine and the unite state .
the leader of the eurasian youth union be ban from ukraine for have vandalize ukrainian national symbol on a mountain in the west of ukraine .
this ban occur earlier in 2007 .
2007 @-@ 10 @-@ 30
iran ( islamic republic of ) ( ir )
narcotic ; crime ; international
iranian official hang convict drug trafficker jomeh gomshadzehi in prison in zahedan .
gomshadzehi 's execution be approximately the 240 th hang in iran in 2007 .
official news agency irna report on 30 october 2007 that iranian official have hang convict drug trafficker jomeh gomshadzehi in prison in the eastern city of zahedan .
gomshadzehi smuggle narcotic to turkey and arab state in the gulf .
irna report that gomshadzehi kill a policeman and then escape to dubai in the unite arab emirate while traffic drug in 2003 .
irna report that police confiscate approximately 3300 kilogram ( 7260 pound ) of opium , 84 kilogram ( 185 pound ) of heroin and 95 kilogram ( 209 pound ) of morphine during gomshadzehi 's arrest .
gomshadzehi 's execution be approximately the 240 th hang in iran in 2007 accord to an afp count compile from press report .
many hanging take place in public .
accord to amnesty international iranian official execute at least 177 people in 2006 .
iranian official have increase execution in 2007 as official enforce a campaign purportedly aim at promote virtue and boost security in society .
capital offenses in iran include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
iran serve as a transit route for drug trafficker from pakistan and afghanistan to turkey and europe .
many iranian police be kill each year in clash with gang .
2007 @-@ 11 @-@ 07
canada ( ca )
international ; terrorism ; money ; crime
a canadian bank robber plead guilty on november 7 , 2007 to steal an antique jewelry piece make for the 19 th century austrian empress sisi .
it be also reveal that the robber be fund kurdish rebel in iraq .
canadian bank robber gerald blanchard plead guilty on november 7 , 2007 to steal an antique jewelry piece make for the 19 th century austrian empress sisi .
blanchard reveal that he be fund kurdish rebel in iraq .
gerald blanchard plead guilty to 16 charge for involvement in fraud and bank heists .
the court be tell that blanchard have funneled money from stolen credit card to kurdish rebel in northern iraq .
accord to prosecutor blanchard and two other canadians have traveled to cairo , egypt to use fraudulently obtain credit card and debit information to obtain cash .
blanchard and the others then send the money to a man in england identify only as the boss .
blanchard state that the boss plan to use that money to finance activity of kurdish fighter and possibly other terrorist group .
this be in a wiretap transcript .
government attorney sheilla leinburd tell afp that blanchard 's lawyer 's exact word be - the money go to the kurdish freedom fighter in iraq .
leinburd state that it be know that the money be use to fund terrorism .
leinburd say british authority know the identity of the boss but have not reveal the identity to the canadian authority .
leinburd say blanchard be sentence to 8 year in prison for run a criminal organization .
canadian police recover the koechert diamond pearl from a winnipeg house during a raid in june 2007 .
the raid be at the cusp of a two @-@ year investigation of a string of bank break @-@ ins across canada .
the koechert diamond pearl be also call the star of empress sisi .
the star of empress sisi be steal in june 1998 from an alarm and secure glass display on exhibition at castle schonbrunn in vienna , austria .
the exhibit have mark the centennial anniversary of the assassination of elisabeth of austria .
elisabeth of austria be better know as empress sisi .
sisi ( 1837 @-@ 1898 ) be the wife of emperor franz joseph i and renowned for her tragic life , her beauty and ankle @-@ length hair , a strict diet and exercise regime to maintain her 20 @-@ inch ( 50 @-@ centimeter ) waistline .
sisi be also know for her series of repute lover .
sisi be stab in the heart by a young anarchist in geneva at age 61 .
sisi 's last word be reportedly what happen to me ? .
trial be pending for seven others in blanchard 's group link to mortgage , credit card and debit card fraud in canada , europe and africa .
2007 @-@ 11 @-@ 09
russian federation ( ru )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; government ; politics
union of rightist force party leader nikita belykh state the party 's official website be attack by hackers .
belykh state a belief that the russian presidential administration be behind the attack that occur ahead of parliamentary election .
on 9 november 2007 union of rightist force party leader nikita belykh state on a personal website that the official website of the union of rightist force have come under a massive hacker attack and as a result have stop work .
belykh state that the character and scale of the hacker attack mean that the attack be part of an operation against the union of rightist force that be be carry out accord to the plan of the russian presidential administration .
belykh state the union of rightist force ' server be attack from 400 location around the world at an intensity of 5000 to 6000 connection per second .
belykh state the union of rightist force ' website locate at www.sps.ru could resume function by 10 november 2007 .
the union of rightist force be a liberal opposition group which have denounce an official campaign against the union of rightist force ahead of parliamentary election on 2 december 2007 .
2007 @-@ 11 @-@ 11
iran , islamic republic of ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
iran have hang a convict drug dealer .
iran have increase execution in recent month .
the official irna news angecy report that late on 11 november 2007 iran hang convict drug trafficker nader kalbali .
kalbali be hang in zahedan .
kalbali be carry 2 kilogram ( 4.5 pound ) of heroin .
iran 's sistan @-@ baluchestan province be consider a key transit point in the international opium and heroin trade .
sistan @-@ baluchestan border afghanistan and pakistan .
sistan @-@ baluchestan be a southeastern province .
zahedan be the capital of sistan @-@ baluchestan province .
amnesty international report that at least 177 people be execute in iran in 2006 .
at least 254 have be hang in iran in 2007 .
the number 254 be tabulate with an afp count compile from press and witness report .
iran have increase execution in recent month .
iranian official have launch a campaign aim at promote virtue and boost security in society .
capital offenses in iran include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
iran be an islamic republic .
2007 @-@ 11 @-@ 24
iran , islamic republic of ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
iran hang two drug trafficker , bring the total number of execution in iran in 2007 to 269 .
state news agency irna report that on 24 november 2007 iran hang shamseddin darvakh gorgich and mahmoud shah pashtoon .
gorgich and pashtoon be convict of drug traffic in zahedan .
the execution be iran 's most recent effort to increase public security .
gorgich and pashtoon be execute in prison .
gorgich and pashtoon be execute for traffic heroin in sistan @-@ baluchestan province .
sistan @-@ baluchestan lie on a major narcotic route from afghanistan and pakistan in southeastern iran .
the total number of execution in iran in 2007 be 269 .
the number of execution in iran in 2007 be calculate by an afp count compile from press report .
many of those execute in iran be hang in public .
in recent month iran have increase execution .
iranian official be enforce a campaign against drug trafficker , extortionist and rapist .
amnesty international state that iran execute at least 177 people in 2006 .
capital offenses in iran include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
iran be an islamic republic .
zahedan be a city in southeastern iran .
2007 @-@ 11 @-@ 26
france ( fr ) ; china ( cn )
technology ; energy ; international ; business
french president sarkozy respond to international concern over areva 's decision to deliver nuclear reactor to china .
sarkozy state that french official will be strategic partner with chinese official .
nuclear company areva of france announce on 26 november 2007 that areva have agree to deliver 2 third @-@ generation nuclear reactor to china as part of a package of deal worth 8 billion euros ( 11.9 billion dollar ) .
areva sign the reactor agreement with china guangdong nuclear power corporation ( cgnpc ) in a ceremony in beijing attend by sarkozy and chinese president hu jintao .
the agreement be reach after month of expectation that china would buy 2 european pressurized water reactor ( eprs ) from areva .
the eprs will be deliver by the end of 2013 and 2015 , respectively .
areva also agree to transfer third generation nuclear technology to cgnpc which would market the equipment in china through a joint venture .
on 27 november 2007 french president nicolas sarkozy state to student at beijing 's elite tsinghua university that french and chinese official will create a joint venture in the nuclear field .
sarkozy state --
sarkozy be not worry about technology transfer .
french official would share advanced technology with chinese official to form the basis of a win @-@ win situation .
the french government be neither a customer nor a supplier but a strategic partner .
sarkozy 's comment contrast concern express by other foreigner that foreign technology may be take by a potential chinese partner and the foreign firm would then be deny any future profit .
the chinese government be intent on develop chinese technology in many high @-@ tech industry include aerospace and auto so as not to be reliant on foreign company and ensure chinese government can cut cost .
2007 @-@ 11 @-@ 28
spain ( es ) , russian federation ( ru )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; politics ; government
the government of spain will seek a compromise on russia 's plan suspension of a key arm control treaty .
russian president vladimir putin state that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional force in europe treaty be a response to u.s. plan to establish missile defense site in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amend version of the treaty .
a senior government official of spain state that the spanish government will use informal discussion outside of meeting at the osce conference to seek a compromise to russia 's threat to suspend its participation in the conventional force in europe treaty .
the conventional force in europe treaty be consider a key arm control treaty .
the treaty limit the deployment of tank , aircraft and other heavy weapon across the continent .
approximately 40 foreign minister from the 56 @-@ nation security and democracy agency osce be participate in the 2 @-@ day meet that commence 28 november 2007 in madrid , spain .
spain currently hold the rotate presidency of the osce .
earlier in 2007 the government of russia state that as of 12 december 2007 it would cease implementation of the conventional force in europe treaty .
russian president vladimir putin state that the decision be a response to u.s. plan to establish missile defense site in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amend version of the treaty .
spain 's director for foreign affair for europe and north america jose pons state that a meet of high @-@ rank official from nation that have sign the treaty would take place on 27 november 2007 in an effort to reach a solution .
pons state to reporter --
the meet must be handle with prudence because the issue be difficult .
there have be many contact between the most concern country with the unite state and russia .
there have be advance but no solution .
last week spanish foreign minister miguel angel moratinos state that there be a desire among all party include russia to reach an agreement on the issue .
the conventional force in europe treaty be sign on november 19 , 1990 in paris by the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) and the warsaw pact .
nato and warsaw pact nation be the 2 oppose bloc during the cold war .
the treaty be amend in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union .
russia ratify the update treaty in 2004 but the unite state and other nato member have refuse to do so argue that moscow must first fulfill obligation to withdraw force from georgia and from moldova 's separatist region of trans @-@ dniester .
2007 @-@ 11 @-@ 28
russian federation ( ru ) ; kazakhstan ( kz )
politics ; international ; weapon
russia 's decision to suspend its participation in the conventional force in europe treaty and kazakhstan 's bid to assume the chairmanship of the organization for security and cooperation in europe will be the focus of the upcoming annual osce conference .
spain as current president will lead meeting to reach solution .
russia 's decision to suspend its participation in a key arm control treaty and kazakhstan 's bid for chairmanship of the organization for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) will be 2 of the major issue discuss at the osce conference in madrid , spain to occur on 29 november 2007 and 30 november 2007 .
the osce conference will be attend by foreign minister of the 56 member nation .
the osce monitor issue regard international security and democracy .
earlier in 2007 the government of russia announce it will suspend implementation of the conventional force in europe treaty as of 12 december 2007 .
the treaty be a key pact limit the deployment of tank , aircraft and other weapon across europe .
russian president vladimir putin have state the suspension be a response to u.s. plan to establish missile defense site in poland and the czech republic and to the deployment of u.s. and other nato force in former soviet republic in europe .
the osce feature a rotate presidency and spain be the current president .
spain plan to hold a meet outside the conference agenda in order to reach a solution regard russia 's plan suspension of the treaty .
russia and the u.s. be member of the osce .
last week spanish foreign minister miguel angel moratinos state that there be a desire among all party include russia to reach an agreement .
the 1990 treaty originally set limit on weapon for nato and warsaw pact country .
the treaty be revise in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union .
to be discuss will be the role of the osce 's election monitor unit follow its decision earlier in november 2007 to boycott the parliamentary election in russia to be hold on 02 december 2007 .
the osce 's office for democratic institution and human right ( odihr ) defend the decision to boycott cite russian authority ' delay in issue visa and unwarranted restriction impose on the osce observation mission .
on 26 november 2007 putin state that the osce have canceled its plan vote monitor on the recommendation of the u.s. state department and that the aim be to discredit the election .
russia have deny obstruct the observer and have state the election will conform with russian law .
kazakhstan 's bid to assume the rotate chairmanship of the osce in 2009 be expect to be a major topic of discussion at the conference .
kazakhstan 's bid for the osce chairmanship be the first bid from a former soviet union nation .
the government of kazakhstan have lobby for the chairmanship argue it have a stable political situation , multilateral foreign policy and strong economy distinguish it from other former soviet country .
several osce member state have question kazakhstan 's democratic credentials .
kazakhstan be an oil @-@ rich country .
head of the assessment risk group in kazakhstan 's capital almaty be dosym satpayev .
satpayev state that kazakhstan 's chance of win its bid for the chairmanship be considerably reduce after its last general election be not recognize as conform to osce standard .
kazakhstan president nursultan nazarbayev 's political party nur otan win all the seat in the parliamentary election held in august 2007 .
the choice of the osce chairmanship be make by consensus .
opposition by 1 country would be enough to deny kazakhstan the chairmanship .
british newspaper the financial time report on 27 november 2007 that osce official will offer kazakhstan a deal organize by spain under which the country would assume the rotate chairmanship in 2010 or 2011 .
osce spokeswoman virginie coulloudon state that such a deal be 1 scenario among 5 or 6 others .
kazakhstan 's foreign ministry insist the country be still seek the chairmanship for 2009 .
2007 @-@ 11 @-@ 30
vietnam ( vn )
narcotic ; crime
15 people be sentence to death in vietnam for drug traffic in two different trial on november 29 , 2007 .
court official state on november 30 , 2007 that 15 people have be sentence to death in vietnam for drug traffic in two different trial .
11 people include 4 women be give the death penalty in hanoi for traffic 440 kilogram or 968 pound of heroin .
7 other member of the same drug traffic ring be jail for life and 4 receive term from 17 month to 20 year at the 11 day trial which end on november 29 , 2007 .
the ring be find guilty of sell heroin in hanoi and ho chi minh city from 2000 until the arrest early in 2007 .
on november 29 , 2007 in the central province of nghe an a court sentence 4 people to death and jail 3 others for life after the individual be find guilty of traffic heroin accord to an official at the provincial court after a 2 day trial .
vietnam give the death penalty to anyone caught with more than 600 gram of heroin or more than 20 kilogram of opium .
78 people have be put on death row in vietnam since the begin of 2007 .
in 2006 vietnam sentence at least 71 people to death mostly for drug traffic and murder .
vietnam be a communist nation .
2007 @-@ 12 @-@ 01
vietnam ( vn )
narcotic ; crime
state media say on december 1 , 2007 that twelve people be sentence to death .
a vietnamese court find them guilty on november 30 , 2007 of traffic more than 70 kilogram ( 154 pound ) of heroin .
state media say on december 1 , 2007 that twelve people be sentence to death .
a vietnamese court find them guilty on november 30 , 2007 of traffic more than 70 kilogram ( 154 pound ) of heroin .
the rule communist party 's daily nhan dan newspaper say that judge in the five @-@ day trial in the northern province of quang ninh hand life prison term to eight others .
another nine member of the same gang be jail for between 18 month and 30 year .
the defendant be convict of traffic the heroin from several northern province between 2005 and may 2006 .
several of the defendant be relate .
15 people be sentence to death on november 29 , 2007 for drug traffic in two different trial in hanoi and the central province of nghe an .
another ten be jail for life .
possession of more than 600 gram ( 21 ounce ) of heroin or more than 20 kilogram ( 44 pound ) of opium be punishable by death in vietnam .
at least 90 people have be sentence to death since the start of 2007 accord to figure compile by afp from official and state media .
the death sentence be mostly for drug traffic and murder .
2007 @-@ 12 @-@ 02
iran ( islamic republic of ) ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
iran official hang 2 convict drug trafficker and 1 convict rapist in public in qom on 2 december 2007 .
a large number of recent execution in iran have be in public .
state news agency irna report that iranian official publicly hang 2 convict drug trafficker and 1 convict rapist in the clerical city of qom on 2 december 2007 .
the drug trafficker be identify as yahya madadi and atollah poolzehi and be hang for traffic more than 100 kilogram ( 220 pound ) of heroin .
the rapist be identify as hossein safarlou and have also be convict of drug traffic .
police force commander of qom province rahim khorshid state to the crowd during the hanging that the police be serious in the policy of decisively combating thug and drug trafficker .
accord to an afp count compile from press report the hanging bring the total number of execution in iran in 2007 to 273 .
execution have increase in iran in 2007 as official enforce a campaign against what the authority call thug such as drug @-@ trafficker , extortionist and rapist .
iran official execute at least 177 people in 2006 accord to amnesty international .
a large number of the execution have be public include the hang of 2 killer in tehran city center .
the public execution serve as warning by the authority of the seriousness of the campaign against criminal .
iran be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
capital offenses in iran include murder , rape , arm robbery , drug traffic and adultery .
2007 @-@ 12 @-@ 04
france ( fr ) ; algeria ( dz )
international ; government ; energy ; politics ; money ; business
french president tour algeria to sign billion of dollar in oil and gas deal and a nuclear accord .
sarkozy call colonialist occupation unjust but refrain from apologize for atrocity .
on 04 december 2007 on day 2 of a state visit to algeria by french president nicolas sarkozy the government of france and algeria sign billion of dollar of oil and gas deal and a nuclear accord .
one of the purpose of the visit be an effort to address damage done to algeria by french colonialist conquest and occupation .
on the tour sarkozy promote a new economic partnership with the energy @-@ rich north african nation and underscore historic tension between france and its former colony algeria .
on 03 december 2007 sarkozy be applaud at an algiers business forum for a speech denounce colonialism as unjust .
sarkozy do not apologize for the atrocity commit by french troop and settler during algeria 's 1954 @-@ 1962 war of independence .
follow a visit to the world heritage archaeological site of tipaza west of algiers sarkozy 's delegation hold meeting in which contract worth approximately 5 billion u.s. dollar be finalize .
algerian and french official sign a wide @-@ range accord on civil nuclear energy that address the use and development of nuclear energy for peaceful end .
the civil nuclear energy accord be describe by a french source as the first between the government of france and an arab @-@ muslim country .
the deal address research , technology transfer and electricity production , as well as prospect and dig for uranium .
among the myriad gas and oil accord french oil company total sign a deal to invest 1.5 billion u.s. dollar ( 1 billion euro ) in a new petrochemical plant in algeria .
accord to the deal total in partnership with algeria 's sonatrach will develop a plant at the port of arzan west of the algiers at a total estimate cost of 3 billion u.s. dollar .
gaz de france ( gdf ) state that it extend its exist gas contract with sonatrach from 2013 to 2019 in a deal worth approximately 2.5 billion euro per year at current market price .
as head of a consortium that include the egyptian firm orascom the company alstom finalize a deal with algeria for a combined cycle gas turbine power plant to be build in the western terga region .
france rule algeria from 1830 to 1962 .
algeria become 1 of france 's proudest possession .
france populate algeria with 10 s of 1000 s of settler .
algeria be the second biggest country in africa .
the government of france and its former colony have maintain an uneasy relationship since 1962 .
45 year later plan for a friendship treaty remain stall over france 's refusal to apologize for past event .
in his speech on 03 december 200 sarkozy state that the colonial system be profoundly unjust and contrary to the 3 found word of the french republic which be freedom , equality and brotherhood .
sarkozy state that within that system there be many men and women who love algeria before they be force to leave it .
algerian interior minister yazid zerhouni state that while sarkozy 's remark be a sign of progress they be not sufficient .
during a state lunch with sarkozy the algerian president abdelaziz bouteflika be more positive .
bouteflika call sarkozy mr. president and dear friend .
bouteflika state that this visit would allow algeria and france to overcome problem in the relationship .
bouteflika stress the potential for scientific , technological and economic cooperation between france and algeria state that both country have a duty to promote an exchange of people , idea and wealth .
bouteflika state that the estimate 3 million algerian migrant and their french @-@ born descendant should serve as a bridge between the 2 country .
2007 @-@ 11 @-@ 29
myanmar ( mm )
international ; government ; narcotic ; crime
authority in myanmar raid 3 poppy field and arrest 8 opium poppy farmer during government effort to reduce opium production on myanmar .
state media in myanmar state security force arrest 8 opium farmer during raid in poppy field in eastern myanmar on 29 november 2007 .
new light of myanmar newspaper state --
police and soldier raid 3 poppy field in eastern shan state which be part of the golden triangle region on the border of myanmar , laos and thailand .
the golden triangle region be 1 of the world 's biggest producer of opium .
the authority have already destroy approximately 70 of the 140 acre ( 57 hectare ) plant with poppy and plan be under way to destroy the remain poppy field .
myanmar be the 2 nd largest opium producer in the world after afghanistan .
the un office on drug and crime ( unodc ) state that in 2006 opium production jump by 46 percent after year of sharp decline .
myanmar government have state myanmar will become opium @-@ free by 2014 .
the unodc state myanmar 's production have fall behind afghanistan in recent year and now account for only 6 percent of the world opium market , compare to 63 percent in 1998 .
the unodc state thailand have be opium free for 20 year while laos have slash opium production by 94 percent since 1997 .
2007 @-@ 12 @-@ 11
iran ( islamic republic of ) ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
iranian authority hang 4 convict drug trafficker in bojnourd .
iran be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
state television report iranian authority hang 4 convict drug trafficker in the northeastern city of bojnourd on 11 december 2007 .
the channel state the 4 be also guilty of alcohol @-@ related crime and illegal sexual relation .
1 convict be hang in public .
the channel show still image of the hang of 1 convict from a crane in front of large crowd .
the channel broadcast an image of the 3 other criminal hang from a frame in a prison yard .
an afp count compile from iranian press report show the execution bring the number of people hang in iran in 2007 to approximately 284 .
many of the people execute be hang in public .
amnesty international state iranian authority execute approximately 177 people in 2006 .
the islamic republic be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
capital offenses in iran include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
execution have increase noticeably in 2007 as official enforce a campaign against what authority call thug such as drug @-@ trafficker , extortionist and rapist .
2007 @-@ 12 @-@ 19
russia ( ru ) ; libya ( ly )
energy ; international
russia offer to help libya on december 19 , 2007 in its pursuit of nuclear energy and announce a visit to libya this weekend by foreign minister sergei lavrov .
a report say that russia offer to help libya on december 19 , 2007 in its pursuit of nuclear energy and announce a visit to libya this weekend by foreign minister sergei lavrov .
foreign ministry spokesman mikhail kamynin say that russia be ready to help libya realize its endure right to attain civilian nuclear energy .
this be accord to the ria novosti news agency .
kamynin say lavrov would visit libya for two day and would meet kamynin 's libyan counterpart abdelrahaman shalgham for discussion on a range of issue .
the spokesman say there will be an exchange of opinion on topical international and regional matter based on a joint work relationship at the heart of the u.n.
libya be one of five new member elect in october 2007 as non @-@ permanent member of the u.n. security council for 2008 and 2009 .
kamynin say russia recognize the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council .
it bring a contribution to the reinforcement of the non @-@ proliferation regime and the maintenance of peace in africa .
the spokesman say russia be ready to cooperate tightly with libya at the heart of the u.n. security council .
russia and libya have share policy towards a majority of international problem .
libya be accuse of seek to acquire weapon of mass destruction by western government .
libyan leader moamer kadhafi renounce in late 2003 all attempt to develop a non @-@ conventional arsenal .
kadhafi initiate the lift of western sanction and the restoration of diplomatic relation .
russia be not the first european power to show it be keen to promote its nuclear technology in libya as foreign company engage in fierce competition to make a profit in libya after its 20 year of isolation .
france announce in early december 2007 plan to sell nuclear reactor to libya .
president nicolas sarkozy welcome kadhafi for a five @-@ day visit to paris .
the visit draw protest from right group and senior politician .
they accuse sarkozy of betray the human right cause by bestow international respectability on kadhafi 's libya .
kadhafi have reconcile with the west after renounce terrorism .
libya be implicate in the 1988 bomb of a panam airliner over the scottish town of lockerbie and of a french passenger jet over niger .
the unite state agree to the nuclear energy deal between france and libya .
the unite state say it expect libya to respect its decision to renounce weapon of mass destruction .
the unite state announce in 2006 a full normalization of tie and lift libya from a state department list of state sponsor of terrorism and raise diplomatic relation to the level of ambassador .
russia on december 17 , 2007 start nuclear fuel delivery to iran 's first atomic power station .
teheran defy international pressure by announce plan to produce more fuel for its nuclear program .
russia 's announcement that fuel have be send to the unfinished bushehr power station mark progression for iran 's nuclear ambition .
western and israeli government fear that it mask a secret bomb @-@ make project .
2007 @-@ 12 @-@ 19
russia offer to help libya in pursuit of nuclear energy
energy ; international ; politics
russia have offer to help libya in its pursuit of nuclear energy .
a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister be announce .
a report say russia offer on 071219 to help libya in the pursuit of nuclear energy and announce a visit to libya this weekend by foreign minister sergei lavrov .
russian foreign ministry spokesman mikhail kamynin say the russians be ready to help libya realize civilian nuclear energy .
kamynin say lavrov would visit libya for 2 day start from 071223 and would meet libyan foreign minister abdelrahaman shalgham for discussion on a range of issue .
kamynin say there will be an exchange of opinion on topical international and regional matter based on a joint work relationship at the heart of the un .
kamynin say the russian government salute the participation of libya in the work of the un security council and that libya bring a contribution to the reinforcement of the non @-@ proliferation regime and the maintenance of peace in africa .
libya be 1 of 5 new member elect in 071000 as non @-@ permanent member of the un security council for 080000 and 090000 .
kamynin say the russian government be ready to cooperate tightly with libya at the heart of the un security council and maintain share policy towards a majority of international problem .
libya be long accuse by western government of seek to acquire weapon of mass destruction .
in late 030000 libyan leader moamer kadhafi renounce all attempt to develop a non @-@ conventional arsenal and thus clear the way for the lift of western sanction and the restoration of diplomatic relation .
russia be not the first european power to show interest in promote nuclear knowledge in libya as foreign company engage in fierce competition to make a profit in libya after the north african country 's 20 year of isolation .
france earlier in 071200 announce plan to sell nuclear reactor to libya and president nicolas sarkozy welcome kadhafi for a 5 @-@ day visit to paris .
the visit draw fierce protest from right group as well as senior politician who accuse sarkozy of betray the human right cause by bestow international respectability on kadhafi 's libya .
the unite state show approval of the nuclear energy deal between france and libya by say it expect libya to respect the decision to renounce weapon of mass destruction .
kadhafi have patch up relation with western nation after renounce terrorism .
libya be implicate in the 880000 bomb of a panam airliner over the scottish town of lockerbie and of a french passenger jet over niger .
the unite state in 060000 announce a full normalization of tie and lift libya from a state department list of state sponsor of terrorism while raise diplomatic relation to the level of ambassador .
2007 @-@ 12 @-@ 23
libyan arab jamahiriya ( ly ) ; russian federation ( ru )
energy ; international ; politics
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov engage in talk with libyan foreign minister abdelrahman shalgham on the development of a nuclear energy program in tripoli .
russian official state that russia be ready to help libya realize the right to attain civil nuclear energy .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov arrive in libya on 23 december 2007 for talk with libyan foreign minister abdelrahman shalgham on the development of a nuclear energy program in tripoli .
shalgham meet lavrov at maatiga military airport outside tripoli at the start of the trip .
a libyan official state lavrov be due to meet prime minister baghdadi mahmudi .
russian official announce lavrov 's visit and state on 19 december 2007 that russia be ready to help libya realize the right to attain civil nuclear energy .
a russian government spokesman state on 19 december 2007 that lavrov would hold discussion on a range of international and regional issue .
the libyan government renounce effort to acquire weapon of mass destruction in 2003 to repair trouble relation with the west .
the russian government and foreign company be compete to profit from nuclear knowledge in libya after libya 's isolation since 1987 end .
the french government in december 2007 announce plan to sell nuclear reactor to libya and president nicolas sarkozy welcome kadhafi for a 5 @-@ day visit to paris .
human right group protest kadhafi 's visit and senior politician state sarkozy be bestow international respectability on libya .
2007 @-@ 12 @-@ 28
vietnam ( vn )
international ; narcotic ; crime ; government
vietnam have sentence 43 drug smuggler to receive the death penalty from 071128 until 071228 .
a vietnam court official state on 071228 that vietnam have sentence 8 heroin trafficker and have raise total number drug smuggler to receive the death penalty to 43 people from 071128 until 071228 .
a hanoi people 's court clerk state to the agence france @-@ presse that the hanoi people 's court jail 29 other people in the most recent mass trial for traffic heroin across vietnam 's mountainous northern region for over two year .
a hanoi people 's court clerk state to the agence france @-@ presse that 18 of the 29 people jail in the most recent mass trial receive life sentence .
during the most recent mass trial in hanoi people 's court it be state that the drug smuggle gang work on a common drug traffic route to smuggle the heroin from the northwestern son la province near the lao border to the capital hanoi , the port of haiphong and to ho chi minh city .
since late 071100 the vietnamese court have sentence at least 43 people to death and jail score more in several group trial against heroin smuggle syndicate , extend family and clan network .
vietnam 's police state that the vietnamese police have uncover more than 8200 drug traffic case involve 12500 offender in 070000 .
the vietnam news agency report that the ministry of public security state that foreigner involve in drug traffic case in vietnam come mostly from laos , cambodia , australia , china , the unite state and taiwan .
the vietnam news agency report that the ministry of public security state that police admit that drug traffic into vietnam be increase but action to prevent and stop the drug traffic along the border remain limit .
vietnam 's mountainous northwest region account for almost half of the confiscate heroin in vietnam while the chinese border area be identify as another highly active drug smuggle region in vietnam .
expert state that heroin be the most popular illegal drug in vietnam and heroin be the lead cause of hiv infection because heroin be often inject with share needle .
expert state that most heroin in vietnam come from the golden triangle of country that include myanmar and laos .
communist vietnam and most asian country impose harsh penalty for drug smuggler .
people catch with over 600 grammes of heroin or 20 kilogrammes of opium in vietnam be sentence to death by fire squad .
opium be the raw material use to make heroin .
vietnam have a century @-@ old history of opium use and the cultivation of opium be vastly expand under french colonial rule . during the vietnam war the heroin that travel from the nearby golden triangle to western market rise sharply .
the post @-@ vietnam war vietnamese government mostly eradicate large @-@ scale opium cultivation and in 040000 estimate that little more than 30 hectare of opium poppy field remain in vietnam .
the opium poppy field remain in 040000 in vietnam be mostly grow by remote and poor ethnic minority villager .
expert state that vietnam 's proximity to myanmar and laos and vietnam 's porous border and long coastline have make vietnam a major drug transit country .
myanmar and laos be still the second and third largest opium producer after afghanistan .
domestic drug abuse in vietnam have rise sharply since the decade of 900000 .
the unite nation 's office for drug and crime control state that domestic drug abuse in vietnam have rise sharply especially in the city where heroin continue to be the prefer drug among younger drug abusers .
in a 050000 report the unite nation 's office for drug and crime control state that opium smoke have long give way to heroin smoke and increasingly heroin injection in vietnam .
heroin injection currently cause approximately 60 percent of know hiv infection in vietnam .
the state @-@ run english language vietnam news daily report on 071228 that in the vietnamese @-@ lao border province of dien bien the authority have recently launch a major campaign against the rise in heroin smuggle activity .
villager in dien bien province have be ask to sign pledge not to grow opium poppy , not to use opium , and not to help smuggler carry or sell drug .
the state @-@ run english language vietnam news daily report that drug trafficker have become more sophisticated and dangerous and that some drug trafficker be ready to attack police with firearm and grenade .
2007 @-@ 12 @-@ 28
vietnam ( vn )
narcotic ; crime
8 sentence to death and 18 for life in prison for traffic heroin in vietnam .
on 28 december 2007 a vietnamese court official state that vietnam have sentence 8 heroin trafficker to death .
now more than 40 drug trafficker have receive the death penalty in vietnam over the last month .
heroin be the most used illegal drug in vietnam
most heroin in vietnam be from golden triangle country myanmar and laos .
heroin in vietnam be most often inject with share needle .
heroin be the lead cause of hiv infection in vietnam .
the hanoi people 's court imprison 29 other heroin trafficker .
18 be imprison for life .
a court clerk state that the 29 be imprison for traffic approximately 19 kilogram ( 42 pound ) of heroin across vietnam 's mountainous north over 2 year .
the court hear that --
the gang utilize a common traffic route .
the gang have smuggle heroin from son la province and sell it in hanoi and haiphong .
vietnam impose harsh penalty for drug smuggler .
most asian country impose harsh penalty for drug smuggler .
smuggler apprehend with more than 600 gram of heroin or 20 kilogram of opium be sentence to death by fire squad .
since late november 2007 vietnamese court have sentence at least 43 people to death and jail many others .
the sentence be make in several group trial against heroin smuggle syndicate .
the syndicate be often extend family and clan network .
vietnam be communist .
hanoi be the capital of vietnam .
haiphong be a port city in vietnam .
opium be the raw material of heroin .
son la province be locate in the northwestern highland of vietnam near the laos border .
2008 @-@ 01 @-@ 01
iran ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
a newspaper report on january 1 , 2008 that iran hang two convict drug trafficker in the southeastern city of zahedan .
this bring the number of execution for 2007 to at least 297 .
a newspaper report on january 1 , 2008 that iran hang two convict drug trafficker in the southeastern city of zahedan .
this bring the number of execution for 2007 to at least 297 .
the hardline kayhan newspaper say the men be identify as mehdi rigi javan and naser hedieh sasooli and be hang in prison on december 31 , 2007 for traffic 59 kilo ( 130 pound ) of heroin .
an afp count compile from local press report state that the execution bring the number of people hang in iran in 2007 to at least 297 .
this figure well exceed the 177 convict criminal execute in 2006 accord to amnesty international .
iran be currently the leader in death penalty execution after china .
the number of execution increase in iran last year amid a campaign that be aim at improve security in society .
the campaign have be aim at arrest drug @-@ trafficker , rapist and those deem a social menace .
dozen of such criminal have be hang in public .
several execution have occur in major city .
capital offence in iran include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
right group have accuse iran of employ the death penalty excessively .
authority say capital punishment be an effective deterrent that be only use after an exhaustive judicial process .
2008 @-@ 01 @-@ 02
iran ( ir )
narcotic ; crime
government of iran hang 5 drug trafficker in grow number of execution .
the mark increase in execution in iran since 2006 be defend by the government as a mean of increase security and criticize by human right group as excessive .
the government of iran hang 5 convict drug trafficker on 02 january 2008 .
the 5 hanging be the most recent in an increase number of execution in iran .
iran be an islamic republic .
iranian state media report --
3 of the 5 drug trafficker be hang in a public square in the central city of qom .
2 of the 5 drug trafficker be hang in the eastern city of zahedan .
the hanging be the first iranian execution to be report in 2008 .
the official irna news agency state that the 3 drug trafficker hang in qom be --
safarali nazari ashkar convict of traffic 455 gram ( 1 pound ) of heroin .
sohbatollah malaki who traffic 170 gram ( 0.3 pound ) of heroin .
habib oliaei convict of smuggle 590 gram ( 1.3 pound ) .
local judiciary official hoda torshizi state that by implement god 's law the iranian government be increase security in society and send a message that violate the law will not be tolerate in qom .
state media do not identify the 2 convict hang in zahedan but state that they have be find guilty of transport 5.25 kilogram ( 11.5 pound ) of heroin .
iranian law administer severe penalty for drug traffic .
a person find guilty of smuggle more than 30 gram ( 0.06 pound ) of heroin or 5 kilogram ( 11 pound ) of opium may receive the death penalty .
accord to an afp figure compile from press report the government of iran execute at least 297 people in 2007 .
the total be a mark increase from 2006 in which 177 people be execute accord to amnesty international .
the number of execution increase dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authority state be aim at improve security in society .
iran currently administer the death penalty more than any other country besides china .
capital offenses in iran include murder , rape , arm robbery , serious drug traffic and adultery .
human right group have accuse iran of excessive resort to the death penalty but iranian authority state that capital punishment be an effective deterrent that be use only after an exhaustive judicial process .
2008 @-@ 01 @-@ 07
china ( cn ) ; democratic people 's republic of korea ( kp )
proliferation ; international ; military
us expert report chinese plan to dispatch troop to north korea and secure north korea 's nuclear arsenal in the event of instability .
a report compile by expert from the center for strategic and international study , the us institute of peace and the asia foundation state that china have contingency plan to dispatch chinese people 's liberation army ( pla ) troop to north korea and secure nuclear weapon in the event of instability in north korea .
the expert visit china 20070600 to confer with chinese military researcher .
the report state --
china 's strong preference be to receive formal authorization and coordinate closely with the un in any possible intervention .
china would take unilateral action to restore stability if the international community do not react in a timely manner as the internal order in north korea deteriorate rapidly .
the report state --
pla researcher claim that contingency plan exist for the pla to perform three possible mission in north korea -- humanitarian , peacekeeping and environmental control .
the environmental control measure be intend to clean up nuclear contamination result from a strike on north korean nuclear facility near the sino @-@ north korean border and to secure nuclear weapon and fissile material .
the report state --
china 's main priority in the event of instability in north korea would be prevention of an influx of refugee by assure supply of food and strengthen border control .
pla officer state that they would attempt to close the border but admit a lack of confidence that they could do so successfully because the border extend 866 mile and can be easily penetrate .
north korea reportedly possess up to 10 nuclear bomb but be currently involve in a denuclearization program in return for energy aid and diplomatic and security guarantee under a six @-@ party mechanism involve the unite state , china , russia , south korea and japan .
the program recently encounter difficulty when the us accuse north korea of fail to meet the 20071231 deadline for a full declaration of nuclear programs .
the report be publish on the websites of us think tank the center for strategic and international study and the us institute of peace and be entitle " keep an eye on an unruly neighbor -- chinese view of economic reform and stability in north korea ."
2008 @-@ 01 @-@ 14
france ( fr ) ; iran ( ir ) ; unite arab emirate ( uae )
proliferation ; international ; business ; energy
france seek civilian nuclear energy cooperation with arab state in order to isolate iran over nuclear standoff .
20080114 french president nicolas sarkozy visit saudi arabia , qatar and the uae to discuss export french nuclear technology and expertise .
20080115 sarkozy will sign a framework accord with the uae on nuclear energy cooperation .
sarkozy propose dispatch french nuclear expert to saudi arabia during talk in riyadh .
the uae and other gulf state seek nuclear power in addition to exist oil and gas wealth .
france have previously sign nuclear energy accord with the arab nation algeria and libya and will consider possible nuclear cooperation with morocco and egypt .
france lead the multi @-@ billion dollar nuclear industry .
areva construct reactor , mine uranium and supply fuel .
the utility electricite de france operate nuclear plant .
sarkozy intend to direct a global revival of the nuclear industry .
the revival be motivate by concern over global warm and high energy price .
sarkozy state that france will aid any country in the acquisition of civilian nuclear power .
20080114 french oil corporation total announce an agreement with areva and utility group suez concern the plan construction of 2 modern nuclear power plant in abu dhabi .
france plan further nuclear cooperation with numerous country .
20071100 areva agree to deliver 2 reactor to china for 8 billion euros .
areva be bid to build further reactor in the us and south africa .
vietnam , indonesia , chile and argentina have express interest in purchase french @-@ design nuclear reactor .
20080100 sarkozy will visit new delhi and hope to sign a nuclear energy accord with india .
sarkozy believe that increase cooperation with the arab world will augment the diplomatic isolation of iran .
sarkozy state that share of civilian nuclear technology will be a foundation of a pact of confidence which western country must forge with the islamic world .
sarkozy state that deny arab nation civilian nuclear power on the basis of be arab give credence to iran 's argument .
for francois heisbourg of the london @-@ based international institute for strategic study ( iiss ) state --
france 's strategy depends on highlight iran 's error in defy the international community over the nuclear issue .
non @-@ nuclear country will be difficult to mobilize against iran if they be treat the same way as iran .
some be concern over the potential risk of supply nuclear technology to arab state because the region be unstable and dominate by authoritarian regime and islamic extremism .
german energy minister gernot erler state in response to france 's decision to provide nuclear technology to libya that the risk of proliferation go up with every country that use nuclear energy .
french environmentalist state that sarkozy be not sufficiently address concern about human right , the environment and international security .
jean @-@ pierre maulny of france 's institute for international and strategic relation ( iris ) state that associate with the spread of civilian nuclear energy in a sensitive region be the risk of military nuclear programs unless control be absolute .
heisbourg state that the potential for proliferation associate with french civilian nuclear aid be outweigh by the risk of covert program based on technology transfer from country such as pakistan .
iran be suspect of conceal military ambition of its clandestine nuclear programs and be subject to international sanction due to refuse to comply with un demand .
2008 @-@ 01 @-@ 23
iran ( ir ) ; unite kingdom ( gb ) ; unite state ( us ) ; china ( cn ) ; france ( fr ) ; germany ( de ) ; russian federation ( ru )
international ; proliferation
iran 's chief nuclear negotiator saeed jalili and european unuion foreign policy chief javier solana plan to hold talk in brussels on 080123 .
saeed jalili 's party and javier solana 's party state that iran 's chief nuclear negotiator saeed jalili and european unuion foreign policy chief javier solana plan to hold talk in brussels on 080123 to discuss iran 's nuclear program .
saeed jalil state that saeed jalil and javier solana have arrange a meet for the even of 080123 .
saeed jalil 's statement come after a question @-@ and @-@ answer session in the european parliament 's foreign affair committee .
saeed jalil state at the european parliament foreign affair committee that that iran do not have any nuclear ambition .
saeed jalil state that in iran 's defence doctrine the nuclear weapon have no place .
saeed jalil state that saeed jalil do not understand how it be possible that 3 resolution have be issue for iran 's peaceful nuclear activity and that iran be against weapon of mass destruction .
saeed jalil state that the country claim that iran be seek nuclear weapon be currently busy test the second and third generation of nuclear weapon the country claim that iran be seek nuclear weapon have turn some country into arsenal of weapon of mass destruction .
javier solana 's office confirm that the meet between saeed jalil and javier solana would take place at 1930 greenwich mean time .
saeed jalili 's visit to brussels come a day after the 5 permanent unite nation security council member plus germany agree on the text of a new resolution on iran over its nuclear program .
the 5 permanent unite nation security council member be britain , china , france , russia and the unite state .
frank @-@ walter steinmeier state that the new unite nation resolution on iran 's nuclear program that be agree upon by 5 permanent security council member plus germany in berlin on 080122 will be present to the full security council in the come week .
frank @-@ walter steinmeier be germany 's foreign minister .
a senior us official in berlin state that the new unite nation resolution on iran 's nuclear program increase the severity of the sanction already in place and will also introduce new element and give no additional detail .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov state that the new unite nation resolution on iran 's nuclear program envisage direct talk with the iranian government that would include the unite state .
saeed jalili be question by reporter after the european parliament foreign affair committee meet and do not comment on the move to bring a new unite nation resolution against iran and state only that send the iran nuclear dossier to the security council be illegal .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad in tehran play down the impact of any future security council resolution on the iran 's controversial nuclear program after world power state they have agree on a new unite nation measure .
iranian state television state that mahmoud ahmadinejad state that the security council should know that such illegal behaviour will be ineffective against the will of the iranian people .
the last time saeed jalil and javier solana meet be late in 071100 in london a month after a meet in rome .
the european union foreign policy chief state after the saeed jalil and javier solana london talk that the european union foreign policy chief be disappoint after fail to make a breakthrough in the negotiation .
javier solana be seek to convince iran to agree to suspend iran 's uranium enrichment activity and offer as an incentive huge cooperation between iran and western country .
western country fear the iran could try to produce an atomic bomb .
iran be an islamic republic .
2008 @-@ 01 @-@ 25
russian federation ( ru )
international ; weapon ; technology ; energy ; proliferation ; science
the russian federation on january 25 , 2008 accuse western and asian nation of spy in order to obtain information regard weapon of mass destruction .
the russian federation 's secret service state on january 25 , 2008 that western and asian spy agency be try to obtain information on technology for make weapon of mass destruction .
the fsb state that russian agent have uncover spy attempt by western and asian spy agency in enterprise specialize in nuclear energy , biology and nanotechnology work in siberia .
the report make reference to a spy incident in 2007 in novosibirsk where a chinese national and several other foreigner be deport for try to obtain information on technology for make weapon of mass destruction .
the fsb be the russian federation 's secret service .
novosibirsk be a forested region locate about 2800 kilometers or 1740 mile east of moscow that be well @-@ know in russia for its research centers and specialist laboratory .
the local head of the fsb be sergei savchenkov .
2008 @-@ 01 @-@ 28
qatar ( qa )
international ; government ; weapon ; politics ; proliferation ; crime ; terrorism
nato deputy secretary general claudio bisogniero state to delegate that nato member be hopeful that the government of saudi arabia and oman will join the istanbul cooperation initiative ( ici ) .
the ici be an initiative to enhance cooperation between nato and arab state in fight terrorism , the flow of weapon of mass destruction and illegal arm traffic .
nato deputy secretary general claudio bisogniero state on 28 january 2008 that nato member be hopeful that the government of saudi arabia and oman will decide to join the istanbul cooperation initiative ( ici ) .
bisogniero make the statement to delegate at a conference in the qatari capital doha .
nato leader launch the ici at a meet in istanbul in 2004 .
the ici be an initiative to enhance cooperation between nato and arab state in fight terrorism , the flow of weapon of mass destruction and illegal arm traffic .
joint military exercise be also part of the ici .
bisogniero state the security of country in the gulf region matter to nato member and that iran 's nuclear activity and missile program be a continue concern to nato nation and to the international community .
bisogniero state qatar , kuwait , bahrain and the unite arab emirate join the ici ,
head of the qatari arm force general hamad al @-@ attiyah state that a nato presence in the gulf region could help secure stability .
government in the pro @-@ us gulf state be wary of iran 's nuclear program but be also concern by the unite state federal government 's refusal to rule out military action as a last resort .
2008 @-@ 01 @-@ 31
unite kingdom ( gb )
international ; money ; government ; military ; weapon ; science ; health ; human right ; politics
britain apologize to and compensate veteran mislead in cold war chemical weapon trial .
victim claim negative health effect and 1 death .
20080131 british defense minister derek twigg state in a write answer to parliament --
the defense ministry have apologize and award 3 million pound in compensation to 360 former service personnel claim to have be mislead into participate in chemical weapon trial during the cold war .
the ministry have not admit liability and the payment constitute a full and final amicable settlement .
twigg state --
the government accept that there be defective aspect of the trial in which the life or health of participant may have be endanger .
the trial be frequently under considerable pressure of time as new threat emerge .
the government acknowledge the debt britain owe to the victim of the trial .
the veteran claim to have be inform that they be volunteer for cold remedy test and have suffer ill @-@ health as a result .
the trial occur at the government 's military chemical and biological defense research facility at porton down in southwest england in the 1950 s and 1960 s .
in 1953 20 @-@ year @-@ old royal air force engineer ronald maddison be kill when the nerve agent sarin be drop on maddison 's arm at porton down .
the inquest held confidentially on national security ground shortly after maddison 's death give a verdict of misadventure .
20041100 a coroner 's inquest demand by maddison 's family rule the death an unlawful kill .
20060500 maddison 's family be award 100000 pound .
maddison 's be the only known death among at least 20000 service personnel who participate in test at porton down 1939 @-@ 1989 .
not all be expose to chemical or nerve agent .
2008 @-@ 02 @-@ 04
india ( in ) ; pakistan ( pk )
international ; telecom ; military ; politics
on 080204 india and pakistan sign an accord to exchange security information .
official state that on 080204 india and pakistan sign an accord to exchange security information .
this accord open up a new channel of communication between india and pakistan .
india and pakistan be nuclear @-@ arm rival .
the accord make condition possible for regular contact between india 's military @-@ fund institute of defence study and analysis and pakistan 's state @-@ run institute for strategic study .
the accord stipulate that the institute of defence study and analysis and pakistan 's state @-@ run institute for strategic study will send expert to participate in state @-@ sponsor workshop in india and pakistan and later engage in joint military research project .
the institute of defence study and analysis and the institute for strategic study be 2 mutually @-@ suspicious think tank .
shireen mazari state at the accord sign ceremony in new delhi that the purpose of the accord be to build channel of communication at the level of scholar and that exchange of security study have be limit in the past because of the strain tie between india and pakistan .
shireen mazari be the director of pakistan 's institute for strategic study .
narendra sisodia state that the accord be a landmark because india and pakistan have never have open discussion on security issue with the exception of contact at international forum .
narendra sisodia be the head of india 's institute of defense study and analysis and a former indian defence secretary .
narendra sisodia state with caution that the 080204 accord between the institute of defence study and analysis and the institute for strategic study would not replace any official dialogue .
india and pakistan be south asian rival who have fight 3 war since india and pakistan 's independence from british rule in 470000 .
india and pakistan set in motion a slow @-@ move peace process in 040000 only 5 year after they come dangerously close to a fourth conflict .
the 040000 peace process dialogue have lead to close indian and pakistani political contact and greater transport link .
the army of india and pakistan have avoid direct contact except for annual discussion on unresolved dispute .
2008 @-@ 02 @-@ 04
afghanistan ( af )
narcotic ; politics ; international
un office on drug and crime representative christina oguz state that afghanistan have do little to stop the corruption enable drug trade and afghanistan 's institution be too weak to combat drug trade .
drug production will be a main focus of a meet in tokyo to assess progress in afghanistan .
un office on drug and crime representative christina oguz state that afghanistan have do little to stop the corruption enable drug trade and afghanistan 's institution be too weak to combat drug trade .
oguz state to afp in an interview that the drug industry in afghanistan produce more than 90 percent of the world 's illegal opium and that end the industry in afghanistan will take decade .
drug production escalate in 2007 and further deteriorate security .
drug production will be a main focus of minister , donor and aid agency meet in tokyo on 5 february 2008 through 6 february 2008 to assess progress in afghanistan .
a paper prepare for the talk say the expansion of the narcotic industry represent the single great threat to afghanistans stability and be increasingly link to insecurity and terrorist activity .
the source of the document be the website of the joint coordination and monitor board ( jcmb ) which be a committee work to implement afghanistan 's 5 @-@ year reconstruction plan .
the paper say the drug trade fund terrorism , fuel corruption and undermine the rule of law that should bring security to the people of afghanistan .
the paper say trafficker provide weapon , fund and personnel to anti @-@ government rebel while corrupt official offer protection of drug trade route , poppy field and people .
6 , oguz state a focus of the tokyo talk will be the need for immediate action in lieu of talk .
oguz state --
the fact that president hamid karzai have not appoint a counternarcotics minister to replace the minister who resign in july 2008 indicate the priority give to drug production even though karzai have say drug production be 1 of the most important issue for afghanistan to tackle .
very little have be do to fight corruption .
corruption feed the industry in that farmer often have to pay a 10 percent tax to afghan official or taliban insurgent .
farmer must pay various bribe .
farmer receive less than 1 @/@ 4 of the 4 billion dollar that annual trade earn which be equal to more than 1 @/@ 2 of the legal gross domestic product .
no one question how people have very low salary but drive in expensive car and live in expensive house .
typically only the courier be arrest .
oguz state bigger criminal be extremely difficult to find .
some be not live in afghanistan despite be afghans .
afghanistan 's opium be increasingly convert into heroin inside afghanistan and supply drug user in europe , central asia and the middle east .
oguz state blame afghanistan for the world 's heroin problem would be unfair as heroin production be a share responsibility .
chemical need to turn opium into heroin come primarily from the developed world and be illegally send to afghanistan .
oguz state the national strategy to deal with the drug trade should be tailor to the different circumstance in the 34 province .
13 province be declare opium @-@ free in 2007 which be double the figure from 2006 .
oguz state --
the focus should be on interdiction in southern afghanistan because of the common interest between insurgent and drug trafficker to keep the south out of reach from the government in kabul and the international aid community .
the north and center of afghanistan have more order and government structure and should be offer incentive like development to persuade farmer and other player to cease opium production .
oguz state the necessity of a long @-@ term effort to combat the drug problem with afghanistan rebuild from below @-@ scratch .
oguz state the drug trade link into corruption and the insurgency and will not be an easy task to combat .
oguz state combating the drug trade in thailand take 20 year even though thailand have some function institution .
2008 @-@ 02 @-@ 12
singapore ( sg )
terrorism ; money ; politics
the consortium for counter the finance of terrorism launch in singapore on 12 february 2008 and aim to inhibit militant ' access to fund in southeast asia .
militant group be believe to move between 2 and 3 million us dollar per month to fund terrorist activity in southeast asia .
the consortium for counter the finance of terrorism launch in singapore on 12 february 2008 and aim to inhibit militant ' access to fund in southeast asia .
the association of bank in singapore , the singapore government and the s. rajaratnam school of international study launch the consortium in singapore with plan for later involvement of other country in the asia pacific region .
the consortium aim to strengthen cooperation between bank , government agency and academia to cut off fund for extremist group .
terrorism analyst and head of the singapore @-@ based international centre for political violence and terrorism research rohan gunaratna state the consortium seek to make the transfer of money difficult for extremist group .
gunaratna speak to reporter on the sideline of a close @-@ door seminar on counter the finance of terrorism and state militant group include the abu sayyaf and jemaah islamiyah ( ji ) move between 2 and 3 million us dollar per month to fund terrorist activity in southeast asia .
gunaratna state the estimate be based on data gather from the debrief of capture militant , examination of document seize from militant train camp and from intelligence report .
gunaratna state group involve in the fund transfer include the abu sayyaf and the moro islamic liberation front which both operate in the southern philippines as well as the southeast asia @-@ based ji and group in southern thailand and indonesia .
authority blame ji for bombings which kill mostly foreigner among 202 people on the indonesian resort island of bali in 2002 and a series of other attack .
gunaratna state militant group use the bank system , informal money transfer and courier carry bag fill with cash to transfer the fund .
gunaratna state a portion of the money be raise in southeast asia while some come from the middle east and other country .
2008 @-@ 03 @-@ 03
iran ( ir )
proliferation ; international ; politics
the international atomic energy agency urge iran to clear up allegation of iran 's covert nuclear weapon program as the unite nation security council impose new sanction against the government of iran .
on 080303 at the international atomic energy agency urge iran to clear up allegation of iran 's covert nuclear weapon program as the unite nation security council impose new sanction against the government of iran .
the international atomic energy agency be the unite nation atomic watchdog .
mohammed elbaradei state that mohammed elbaradei urge iran to be as active and as cooperative as possible in work with the international atomic energy agency to clarify the allegation of iran 's covert nuclear weapon program and that the allegation be of serious concern .
mohammed elbarade be the international atomic energy agency 's director general .
on the first day of the 35 @-@ member board of governor meet of the international atomic energy agency 's regular march meet mohammed elbaradei state that iran 's active cooperation be necessary to enable the international atomic energy agency to make a determination about the nature and scope of all of iran 's past nuclear activity .
the international atomic energy agency 's board of governor meet in vienna be expect to be hold until 080305 or 080306 .
at the international atomic energy agency 's board of governor meet other issue include north korea 's stalled disarmament process be on the meet 's agenda .
iranian issue be expect to dominate the international atomic energy agency 's board of governor meet proceeding follow the release of mohammed elbaradei 's latest report on the iranian government 's dispute nuclear weapon ambition .
the allege iranian covert nuclear weapon program issue be expect to be discuss by the international atomic energy agency 's board of governor on the afternoon of 080304 .
diplomat state that move be underway to draft a resolution to press the iranian government to address key concern about alleged weaponisation study .
if resolution currently underway be adopt then the resolution would be the first such resolution in 2 year .
in new york on 080303 the unite nation security council vote overwhelmingly to increase unite nation sanction on iran due to iran 's refusal to suspend iran 's sensitive nuclear fuel work .
western country fear the intent of iran 's sensitive nuclear fuel work be to develop nuclear weapon .
a resolution sponsor by britain , france and germany gain the back of 14 of the unite nation security council 's 15 member .
indonesia abstain from vote on the resolution .
the vote to increase the unite nation sanction on iran have be plan for 080301 .
the vote to increase the unite nation sanction on iran be delay until 080303 to give the sponsor time to try to win over 4 reticent unite nation security council member .
the 4 reticent unite nation security council member be indonesia , libya , south africa and vietnam .
the iranian government be allegedly involve in military research that indicate the development of non @-@ conventional weapon accord to recent intelligence present to the international atomic energy agency board last week .
the intelligence present to the international atomic energy agency board be derived from a number of different independent source and cover a uranium conversion project , high explosive test and a missile re @-@ entry vehicle modify to accommodate a possible nuclear warhead .
the intelligence present to the international atomic energy agency board suggest that iran continue to work on nuclear weapon beyond the 030000 date cite in a recent unite state intelligence report .
the iranian government have dismiss the allegation in the intelligence present to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence use to support the allegation as fake .
the international atomic energy agency insist that the iranian government 's simple denial of the intelligence present to the international atomic energy agency board be not good enough to allay western country suspicion .
mohammed elbaradei state that iran continue to maintain that these alleged weaponization study be relate to conventional weapon only or be fabricate and that a complete examination of the issue of the these allged weaponization study have not commence .
mohammed elbaradei state that it be regrettable that iran have not suspend iran 's nuclear enrichment activity in line with unite nation security council resolution and be continue iran 's work on more advanced uranium @-@ enrich centrifuge .
iranian ambassador ali asghar soltanieh state the allegation of iran 's covert nuclear weapon program be politically motivate .
ali asghar soltanieh state that the alleged alleged iranian weaponization study cover activity that be not strictly nuclear and therefore do not fall under international atomic energy agency jurisdiction .
ali asghar soltanieh state that it be the iranian government 's point of view that all outstanding question about iran 's nuclear activity have be resolve and the peaceful nature of iran 's nuclear program proven .
ali asghar soltanieh state that iran would react to further unite nation 's sanction with measure of iran 's own .
ali asghar soltanieh do not specify what action iran 's measure would consist of .
ali asghar soltanieh state that iran would continue to cooperate with the international atomic energy agency despite the additional sanction .
mohammad saeedi state that any resolution by the unite nation security council would complicate and make a resolution of the long @-@ run standoff between the iranian government and the international community more difficult .
mohammad saeedi be the deputy head of iran 's atomic energy organisation .
2008 @-@ 03 @-@ 03
iran ( ir )
international ; weapon ; energy ; politics ; proliferation
iran warn that new un resolution against iran 's nuclear program will complicate the nuclear issue .
iaea meet in vienna to discuss iran issue .
20080303 deputy head of the country 's atomic energy organization mohammad saeedi state --
a new un security council resolution against iran 's nuclear activity would be irrational and unlawful and complicate the standoff with western nation rather than promote resolution of the issue .
the path of the security council and any new resolution lack legal credibility .
supporter should be hold accountable for their illegal act .
20080303 the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) board of governor meet in vienna to discuss the iranian nuclear issue .
iaea chief mohammed elbaradei demand that iran address allegation of involvement in covert nuclear weapon work .
iran deny seek atomic weapon and claim that only to endeavor to enrich uranium to lower level to create nuclear fuel for its rapidly increase population .
iran demand the closing of the nuclear case because the most recent iaea report state that the agency have make important progress in a 4 @-@ year examination of iran 's nuclear program .
saeedi state that report by iaea chief mohammed elbaradei present a clear picture of iran 's nuclear program .
the iaea state --
the agency remain unable to confirm the nature of iran 's nuclear program .
iran continue to defy un demand to suspend uranium enrichment .
intelligence present to the iaea board the week of 20080225 suggest that iran be involve in military research indicate non @-@ conventional weapon development .
iran dismiss the allegation as baseless and the intelligence use to back them as spurious .
saeedi state that the iranian government have submit an assessment of the claim study and have no remain commitment in the matter .
diplomat state that the iaea board be consider table a resolution pressure iran to reveal its dispute nuclear activity .
iranian ambassador to the iaea ali asghar soltanieh state that country on the board should resist the potential action because there be no suitable ground for such a resolution .
the un security council plan to increase sanction on iran later on 20080303 in an attempt to force tehran to suspend uranium enrichment that the west fear be aim at produce a secret nuclear weapon .
saeedi speak to the official irna news agency in vienna .
2008 @-@ 03 @-@ 03
iran ( ir )
proliferation ; international ; politics
iaea meet in vienna focus on iran nuclear issue and possibility of resolution support propose security council sanction on iran .
20080303 the international atomic energy agency ( iaea )' s 35 member board of governor met in vienna to discuss director general mohammed elbaradei 's latest report on iran and the schedule 1600 gmt un security council vote on new sanction over iran 's refusal to suspend uranium enrichment .
diplomat state --
depending on the outcome of the security council vote , the iaea board be consider table a separate resolution demand that iran reveal its dispute nuclear activity .
the iaea board do not intend to undermine the primary action of the un security council in new york but a resolution would emphasize the agency 's continue interest in the iranian nuclear issue .
the iaea board have not make a resolution in 2 year .
us envoy to the iaea gregory schulte state to reporter prior to the meet --
despite limit progress in address past issue , trouble question remain about iranian activity that strongly suggest a clandestine weapon @-@ related program .
the board be likely to support the security council 's call for iran to suspend its enrichment @-@ related activity
indication of weapon work constitute a violation of npt obligation and iran 's violation of security council resolution provide strong reason for the security council and the iaea to continue to investigate iran .
elbaradei 's latest report state --
iran address the majority of outstanding question about its past nuclear program but refuse to address allegation about its purport nuclear weapon work .
iran be pursue and expand uranium enrichment in flagrant violation of un demand .
enriched uranium can be use to make the fissile material for an atomic bomb .
the week of 20080225 iaea governor receive detail intelligence suggest --
iran be involve in military research incompatible with conventional weapon activity .
iran continue nuclear weapon work beyond the 2003 date cite in a recent us intelligence report .
iran have dismiss the allegation as baseless and the intelligence use to back them as spurious .
20080303 iranian ambassador ali asghar soltanieh state to reporter that the alleged weaponization study cover activity that be not strictly nuclear and therefore do not fall under iaea jurisdiction .
soltanieh state that the iaea 's involvement with the allegation be politically motivate .
elbaradei state in the open address to the iaea board --
address the allegation be necessary to enable the agency to determine the nature and scope of all of iran 's past nuclear activity .
iran should be as active and as cooperative as possible in work with the iaea to clarify this matter of serious concern .
other item on the agenda for the potentially week @-@ long iaea meet include the stall north korean disarmament process .
2008 @-@ 03 @-@ 04
iran ( ir )
international ; weapon ; government ; proliferation ; energy ; politics
iran criticize un security council for impose sanction against iran 's nuclear program in order to appease western country .
20080304 iranian ambassador to the unite nation mohammad khazaie state to the official irna news agency --
un security council sanction over the iranian nuclear program reveal that the security council have be manipulate to implement the foreign policy of western country and undermine the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) .
the resolution be illegitimate and illegal .
20080303 the un security council impose the 3 rd set of sanction against iran in 15 month to castigate iran 's refusal to suspend uranium enrichment potentially use to create nuclear weapon .
britain introduce the sanction with resolution 1803 and subsequently delay the vote in order to obtain unanimous approval and increase the impact of the message .
14 of the council 's 15 member vote in favor of the resolution , include initial dissident libya , south africa and vietnam .
indonesia abstain .
provision of the resolution --
iran must comply with un and iaea demand to suspend uranium enrichment within 3 month .
official involve in iran 's nuclear and missile programs be ban from travel .
additional individual and entity be subject to an asset freeze .
shipment to and from iran suspect of contain prohibit goods must be inspect .
state be encourage to exercise vigilance in enter new commitment for public @-@ provide financial support for trade with iran , include the grant of export credit .
reaction to the resolution from iran be limit .
president mahmoud ahmadinejad have state that previous resolution be inconsequential and the sanction will have no impact on iran 's nuclear program .
by 1100 gmt on 20080304 no tehran @-@ based top iranian official have give a reaction to the resolution .
the resolution receive low @-@ profile coverage on state television and be absent from lead news headline .
state radio emphasize indonesia 's abstention as a defeat for the us .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert state that israel possess the necessary power to defend itself against any threat from iran .
iranian official consider the international atomic energy agency iaea 's latest report a success for iran despite the agency 's inability to confirm that the nuclear program be peaceful .
iran hope that the nuclear case would be remove from the security council if the government continue to cooperate with the iaea to answer question about past ambiguity in its atomic program .
iranian ambassador to the iaea ali asghar soltanieh state to the isna news agency that western country in the security council intend to damage the effort of the iaea .
intelligence present to the iaea board suggest --
iran be involve in military research indicate the development of non @-@ conventional weapon .
iran continue nuclear weapon work beyond the 2003 date cite in a recent us intelligence report .
the iranian government state --
the iranian nuclear program remain peaceful .
the document present to the iaea be fraudulent .
iaea chief mohamed elbaradei state to the 35 member of the iaea 's board of governor in vienna that iran should be as active and cooperative as possible in work with the agency to clarify the seriously concern matter of the alleged intelligence .
the 6 world power issue a statement follow the un vote request further talk between eu foreign policy chief javier solana and top iranian nuclear negotiator saeed jalili to resolve the deadlock .
the head of the iranian parliament 's foreign policy commission alaeddin boroujerdi state that iran 's supreme national security council should react to the resolution with a new decision concern negotiation with the eu .
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 03
korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp ) ; myanmar ( mm ) ; singapore ( sg )
business ; weapon ; international
japan 's public broadcaster nhk report that north korean export of multiple @-@ launch rocket to myanmar have be handle by a singapore trade company .
singapore 's foreign affair ministry state that the singapore government will investigate the allegation .
japan 's public broadcaster nhk cite unnamed diplomatic source and report on 2 april 2008 that government in pyongyang begin export multiple @-@ launch rocket to military @-@ rule myanmar after an agreement to normalize tie in 2007 .
nhk state full @-@ scale export of the rocket have be handle by an unnamed singapore trade company but give no further detail .
nhk state the weapon export be in violation of economic sanction impose on north korea after the north korean government conduct a nuclear test in october 2006 .
nhk state multiple @-@ launch rocket be 24 centimeters ( 9.4 inch ) in diameter and about 1 meter or yard long with an approximate range of 65 kilometers ( 40 mile ) each .
singapore 's foreign affair ministry state on 3 april 2008 that the singapore government will investigate the allegation that a singapore trade company be link to the north korean export .
a spokesman with the ministry of foreign affair say in a statement that the allegation be be take seriously and will be investigate .
the spokesman with the ministry of foreign affair state the ministry be commit to fulfil international obligation to prevent the proliferation and illicit traffic of arm and weapon of mass destruction .
the unite state government have state that myanmar and north korea be outpost of tyranny and impose sanction on myanmar and north korea .
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 18
china ( cn ) ; zimbabwe ( zw )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; dissent ; politics
south africa 's largest transport union refuse to offload cargo of arm and ammunition from a chinese ship bound for zimbabwe , where it be report that the government have attack the civilian population .
on 18 april 2008 the south african transport and ally worker union ( satawu ) state that --
satawu plan to deny delivery of a shipment of arm from china to zimbabwe .
satawu plan to hold protest at the durban harbor .
it would be grossly irresponsible for the cargo to be allow to reach zimbabwe .
tension in zimbabwe be mount .
zimbabwe await result of the presidential election 3 week ago .
satawu spokesman randall howard tell afp --
satawu do not believe it be in the interest of the zimbabwean people if south africa act as conduit of arm and ammunition into zimbabwe .
the situation in zimbabwe could be describe as quite volatile .
it have be confirm that there be arm and ammunition on board the ship .
30 of the 36 container on board the ship be carry equipment for the mine industry in south africa and botswana .
6 of the 36 container be bind for zimbabwe .
4 of the container bind for zimbabwe have arm and ammunition in the them .
the other 2 contain military aircraft ejector seat .
the container will not be offloaded .
the cargo have political blood on it .
a chinese ship be currently anchor outside the port of durban .
the chinese ship be call an yue jiang .
an yue jiang await permission to dock and offload its cargo .
accord to copy of the inventory publish by the beeld daily newspaper an yue jiang 's cargo include --
3 million round of ak @-@ 47 ammunition .
1500 rocket propel grenade .
more than 3000 mortar round .
mortar tube .
the south african litigation centre have file an urgent application in zimbabwe 's high court .
the south african litigation centre be a legal group focusing on human right issue .
the south african litigation centre 's application be to suspend a conveyance permit allow the arm to be offloaded and transport .
the legal action be bring in term of the national conventional arm control act .
the national conventional arm control act require that the grant of a permit not contribute to suppression of human right or provide arm to government that systematically violate fundamental freedom .
south african litigation centre director nicole fritz announce in a statement that --
there have be increase account of widespread attack on zimbabwe 's civilian population by government force .
this be a clear circumstance in which south african authority be oblige to refuse the grant of any conveyance permit .
zimbabwe 's opposition movement for democratic change ( mdc ) state that --
president robert mugabe 's rule zanu @-@ pf be in preparation for a war against the people .
the war against the people follow dispute election in march 2008 .
pro @-@ mugabe militia be be supply with weaponry .
2 mdc member have be kill by mugabe supporter .
a coalition of zimbabwean doctor state that doctor have treat more than 150 patient who be beat and torture since the 29 march 2008 election .
president thabo mbeki tell reporter in new york that --
the weapon in durban harbour have nothing to do with south africa .
mbeki do not know what zimbabwe import from china or what china import from zimbabwe .
zimbabwean information minister bright matonga tell south african radio that --
every country have a right to firearm .
the use of firearm be private .
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 21
philippines ( ph )
crime ; narcotic
a taiwanese man be arrest for fraud and drug traffic in philippines .
police in the philippines say on 080421 that they have arrest a taiwanese man who be allegedly involve in a massive drug traffic and fraud operation .
chih chien yang be hold on 080419 after a raid at chih 's suburban manila home where police claim to have seize equipment use in counterfeit credit card and passport .
the police accuse chih of involvement in large @-@ scale fraudulent activity which also fund chih 's traffic operation .
chih chien yang be also know as jeff yang .
police say officer have additionally find 70 kilo of ketamine with a street value of some 8.5 million dollar at chih 's home .
ketamine be a regulate veterinary anesthetic that be convert by crime gang to an illicit crystal form and sell as a recreational drug .
drug traffic be a capital offence in the philippines and yang could be jail for life if found guilty .
drug enforcement agency have identify the philippines as a major trans @-@ shipment hub of illegal drug in southeast asia mostly utilize by chinese criminal syndicate .
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 23
switzerland ( ch ) ; iran ( ir ) ; unite state ( us ) ; israel ( il )
international ; weapon ; government ; energy ; economy ; politics ; money
swiss government announce asset freeze for 12 more iranian company in accordance with new unite nation sanction aim at stop iran 's alleged nuclear program .
despite sign a recent controversial deal with iran 's state gas firm the swiss government be freeze asset , ban delivery and export of dual use material and weapon and restrict travel to iranian official .
on 23 april 2008 the government of switzerland state that it have freeze the asset of a further 12 iranian company in accordance with new unite nation sanction aim at stop tehran 's alleged nuclear program .
13 individual and the 12 company have be add to an exist blacklist of 23 company and 27 people .
switzerland 's federal council state --
5 iranian national be ban from enter and pass through switzerland .
switzerland will ban the delivery of dual use material that could be use for the manufacture of nuclear plant .
switzerland will ban the export of some drone and missile .
in march 2008 the un security council impose its third set of sanction against iran within 15 month in order to punish the iranian government 's refusal to suspend uranium enrichment .
there be concern among world leader that iran could use the enriched uranium to make nuclear weapon .
the resolution allow iran 3 month to comply with demand to suspend uranium enrichment and include a complete ban on travel by official involve in tehran 's nuclear and missile programs .
the resolution include a broaden list of individual and entity subject to an asset freeze .
switzerland 's trade and diplomatic relation with iran have be criticize in recent month after foreign minister micheline calmy @-@ rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran 's state gas firm .
jewish @-@ american group the anti @-@ defamation league ( adl ) publish full @-@ page advertisement in swiss and international paper in april 2008 accuse switzerland of fund terrorism through the deal .
this charge be vehemently reject by the swiss government .
the adl publish advertisement in the international herald tribune , the wall street journal and the new york time with headline call switzerland the world 's new financier of terrorism .
iran be an islamic republic .
the government of israel and the unite state also criticize the deal between iran 's state gas firm and switzerland 's elektrizitaets @-@ gesellschaft ( egl ) laufenburg whereby iran will reportedly supply 5.5 billion cubic meter ( 194 trillion cubic feet ) of gas annually from 2011 .
2007 @-@ 07 @-@ 12
canada ( ca ) ; pakistan ( pk ) ; unite kingdom ( gb )
terrorism ; weapon ; crime ; international
a man implicate in al @-@ qaeda 's weapon of mass destruction program be give be canadian passport and then be arrest upon the man 's arrival to canada .
the media report on 080425 that a pakistan @-@ born man who be implicate in al @-@ qaeda 's weapon of mass destruction program be grant a canadian visa and then be arrest upon the man 's arrival at canada 's largest airport .
the canadian broadcast company cite a secret document sent by border authority to public safety minister stockwell day on 070700 that stated that the pakistan @-@ born man have obtain a visa from canada 's high commissioner in london to live temporarily in canada .
the canadian broadcast company be a public broadcast company .
the pakistan @-@ born man be arrest by border guard at toronto 's international airport after arrive on a flight from newcastle , england .
while verify his passport , the border guard determine the pakistan @-@ born man have be flag as a threat to national security while verify the pakistan @-@ born man 's passport .
the pakistan @-@ born man be arrest on 070712 and interrogate .
the pakistan @-@ born man be then deport to the unite kingdom on 070713 .
canadian broadcast company state that the pakistan @-@ born man have renounce the canadian visa and request to be return to the unite kingdom immediately after his arrival in canada .
the pilot refuse to allow the pakistan @-@ born man onto the pilot 's plane .
a spokesman for stockwell day be not immediately available for comment .
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 29
germany ( de )
international ; government ; energy ; economy ; politics ; leader
german chancellor angela merkel warn against form energy tie with iran .
switzerland sign a gas deal with iran cite the need for europe to diversity the continent 's oil provider .
german chancellor angela merkel express skepticism on aril 29 , 2008 about country form energy and trade tie with iran which could end up make the country too dependent on iran .
angela merkel make this statement after a meet with swiss president pascal couchepin .
angela merkel state that the comment be not referring to switzerland in particular .
switzerland 's trade and diplomatic relation with the islamic republic have be criticize in recent month after foreign minister micheline calmy @-@ rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal .
israel and the unite state criticize the deal between iran 's state gas firm and switzerland 's elektrizitaets @-@ gesellschaft laufenburg .
the deal state iran will supply 5.5 billion cubic meter or 194 trillion cubic feet of gas annually from 2011 .
the anti @-@ defamation league take out full @-@ page advertisments in swiss and international newspaper earlier in april 2008 accuse switzerland of fund terrorism through the deal .
bern reject the charge .
pascal couchepin state the deal be only one part of a wide project to diversify energy source over the come year .
pascal couchepin state that a long @-@ term goal be to make sure europe be not reliant on any one provider of oil and gas .
pascal coucepin plan to travel to oil and gas exporter azerbaijan on may 10 , 2008 .
angela merkel state that the two leader also discuss transport and tax issue on angela merkel 's first official bilateral visit to switzerland .
later on april 29 , 2008 angela merkel be schedule to visit the cern physic laboratory near geneva .
the anti @-@ defamation league be a jewish @-@ american group .
2008 @-@ 05 @-@ 21
japan ( jp )
space ; military ; government
on 080521 japan pass a new law allow the use of space programs for defense .
an official state that on 080521 japan pass a new law allow the use of space programs for defense and reverse a decade @-@ old policy amid increase concern about military threat in the region of japan .
expert state that japan have no current plan for a new defence project in space and that the new law could make it possible for japan to launch early @-@ warn satellite .
the new law state that the use and development of space should be do in accordance with the pacifist spirit of the japanese constitution and benefit the security of japan and the international community .
the new law attempt to remove any legal obstacle to build more advanced spy satellite and to help innovation in japan 's space industry .
the new law come amid grow concern in japan about north korea 's ballistic missile development and china 's military and space programs .
a japanese government upper house official state that the japanese government 's opposition @-@ controlled upper house vote 221 to 14 to revise a 690000 parliamentary resolution limit japan 's use of space to non @-@ military application .
the bill propose the new law allow the use of space programs for defense be already approve by the lower house of japan 's government last week .
the opposition japanese communist party be against the new law and fear it would lead to a stronger military .
japan 's chief cabinet secretary nobutaka machimura dismiss concern that the new law could mean that japan 's defence capability could exceed the constitutional limit .
kyodo news report that the top japanese government spokesman state in a press conference that it would be ridiculous would think that japan would try to invade another country by use satellite and that it be impossible for japan to invade another country by use satellite .
proponent of the new law allow the use of space programs for defense in japan state that the new law be necessary because japan have fall behind other nation in space technology and china be attempt to capture space business in asia , africa and latin america .
japan 's us @-@ impose post @-@ world war ii constitution state that japan will never again wage war .
japanese troop have not wage war since 450000 .
japan have one of the world 's largest defence budget .
japan have step up military research after north korea surprise the world in 980000 by fire a missile over the japanese mainland into the pacific ocean .
china also alarm japan in 070000 by conduct a test to shoot down a satellite .
japan have be increase the japanese space program and be currently conduct the most extensive probe of the moon since the unite state apollo mission of the decade of 600000 and 700000 .
2008 @-@ 05 @-@ 21
japan ( jp )
military ; space
on 080521 japan pass a new law allow the use of space for defense purpose
an official state that on 080521 japan pass a new law allow the use of space for defense purpose .
this new law reverse a decade @-@ old policy amid increase concern about military threat in the region of japan .
the bill for the new law be already approve by the japanese government 's low house last week .
the purpose of the new law be to remove any legal obstacle to build more advanced spy satellite and to encourage innovation in japan 's space industry .
expert state that japan have no current plan for a new defence project in space and that the new law could clear the way for the launch of early @-@ warn satellite .
the pass of the new law come amid grow concern in japan about north korea 's ballistic missile development and china 's military and space programs .
a japanese government upper house official state that the japanese government 's opposition @-@ controlled upper house vote 221 to 14 to revise a 690000 parliamentary resolution limit japan 's use of space to non @-@ military application .
the opposition japanese communist party be against the bill propose the new law .
the japanese communist party fear the new law would lead to a stronger military .
japan 's unite state @-@ impose post @-@ world war ii constitution state that japan will never again wage war .
japanese troop have not fire a shot in war since 450000 .
japan have one of the world 's largest defence budget .
japan have increase military research after north korea stun the world in 980000 by fire a missile over the japanese mainland into the pacific ocean .
china alarm japan in 070000 by conduct a test to shoot down a satellite .
japan have be expand its space programme and be now conduct the most extensive probe of the moon since the unite state apollo mission of the decade of 600000 and 700000 .
2008 @-@ 05 @-@ 22
unite kingdom ( gb )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; politics ; leader
possibility of a global agreement to outlaw cluster bomb be give impetus as british prime minister gordon brown call for a total ban on the use of the weapon by the british military .
hope for a global agreement to outlaw cluster bomb be give a boost on 080522 when british prime minister gordon brown call for a total ban on the use of the weapon by the british military .
the statement from brown 's spokesman give new impetus to ongoing negotiation at an international conference on cluster bomb in dublin .
brown 's spokesman say brown have issue instruction to british negotiator in dublin to work intensively to ban cluster bomb that cause unacceptable harm to civilian .
a british government spokesman say brown have also ask the ministry of defence to assess the remain munition in use to ensure that there be no risk to civilian .
the new stance by the british government receive a warm welcome from human right activist and charity .
head of arm control for oxfam anna macdonald say britain have at last come in from the cold .
oxfam hope that this strong statement from brown will ensure that the uk sign onto the treaty and immediately get rid of these weapon which maim and kill long after they have be drop .
co @-@ chair of the cluster munition coalition and director of landmine action simon conway express gladness that brown be follow up on his previous public commitment to ban cluster bomb .
the dublin conference run until may 30 and be aim to strike a wide @-@ range international agreement that would completely eradicate the use , production , transfer and stockpile of cluster munition among signatory .
the unite state government on 080521 express opposition to a worldwide ban on cluster bomb and call instead for technological fix that would make them safer .
cluster bomb be first use in world war ii and open in the air and scatter small bomb over a wide area .
the fact that many fail to detonate on impact have make them a risk to the life of civilian for year .
the british military currently possess 2 type of cluster ammunition which be the artillery @-@ fire m85 and the m73 launch from helicopter .
campaigner claim british troop use the m85 bomb in the iraq war in 030000 .
2008 @-@ 05 @-@ 26
switzerland ( ch )
narcotic ; crime ; international ; money
the federal tribunal of switzerland rule that a convict australian drug trafficker can reclaim approximately 500000 dollar from a swiss bank account that have be seize by authority .
the federal tribunal overturn a previous decision by the government to confiscate the fund .
the federal tribunal of switzerland rule on 26 may 2008 that a convict australian drug trafficker can reclaim approximately 500000 dollar ( 317000 euros ) from a swiss bank account that have be seize by authority .
the identity of the trafficker be not reveal .
the trafficker be sentence to 9 year in prison in australia in 1996 for import 15 ton of cannabis into australia in 1993 .
upon release the trafficker traveled to geneva and present a false passport to reclaim the money from the bank .
bank official be suspicious and alert authority who investigate the case and confiscate the money .
the federal tribunal overturn a previous decision by the government to confiscate the fund which be first deposit in 1987 .
the federal tribunal rule that the fund have be place in the bank approximately 6 year before the drug offense for which the australian be convict and that the criminal activity have no connection with switzerland .
the federal tribunal rule that the swiss government must compensate the trafficker 3000 swiss franc ( 1800 euros ) .
2008 @-@ 05 @-@ 27
iran , islamic republic of ( ir )
proliferation ; international ; politics
un atomic watchdog the international atomic energy agency release a report express concern that iran be withhold information on alleged study into make nuclear warhead
on 27 may 2008 head of the ploughshare fund joe cirincione state that --
un atomic watchdog the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) have accuse iran of withhold key information on alleged attempt to make nuclear arm .
the iaea be frustrate by iran 's stonewall .
the iaea want answer from iran .
cirincione be a non @-@ proliferation expert .
cirincione speak late on 26 may 2008 follow the release of the iaea 's latest iran report .
the iaea report be restrict .
the iaea have forward the iaea report to the un security council .
next week the iaea board of governor will discuss the iaea report .
the iaea report state that --
the iaea believe iran may have additional information on high explosive test and missile @-@ relate activity .
iran must share information with the iaea .
iran may be withhold information about alleged study into make nuclear warhead .
iran may be defy un demand to suspend uranium enrichment .
the iaea report use strong language .
the allege study comprise a uranium conversion project , high explosive test and design for a missile re @-@ entry vehicle .
the allege study suggest that past nuclear work have a military angle .
non @-@ proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic study mark fitzpatrick state that the iaea report --
have an unusually strong tenor .
be harder on iran both in detail and tone .
refute iran 's claim that iran have do everything with regard to the un action plan .
a senior official close to iaea state that --
the iaea be experience increase frustration with iran 's attitude .
the iaea have be investigate iran 's nuclear activity for 4 year .
the iaea have be unable to state definitively whether iran 's activity be entirely peaceful .
the iaea have no substantive answer .
substantive answer could have be get earlier .
the official see no reason why the iaea cannot provide answer .
the official spoke on condition of anonymity .
us ambassador to the iaea gregory schulte state that --
iran have make scant progress in resolve outstanding issue .
the french government state that france believe the iaea report confirm concern of the international community .
german foreign minister frank @-@ walter steinmeier state that --
the iaea report leave unresolved a number of question .
the question must be examine quickly .
iran be not demonstrate the spirit of cooperation .
germany belong to p5+1 .
p5+1 be a permanent un security council that be negotiate with iran .
iran 's ambassador to the iaea ali asghar soltanieh tell afp that --
iran have leave no question unanswered .
iran have give all the explanation need .
executive director of the arm control association in washington daryl kimball state that --
the iaea report be 1 in a series of bad sign .
iran be not cooperate with the investigation into possible military @-@ relate nuclear experiment .
iran have not provide the iaea with the location of its centrifuge manufacture facility .
the current set of un sanction will not dissuade iran from slowly increase its enrichment capacity .
there will be no meaningful talk with iran .
rumors of possible military action in iran will continue .
p5+1 member be britain , china , france , russia , germany and the unite state .
the international institute for strategic study be locate in london .
a copy of the iaea report be obtain by afp .
the iaea 's board of governor have 35 member .
the ploughshare fund be based in washington .
the iaea be based in vienna .
2008 @-@ 05 @-@ 30
bulgaria ( bg )
international ; terrorism ; money ; politics ; crime ; dissent ; weapon
bulgaria apprehend criminal gang allegedly use proceed from illegal activity to finance chechen rebel .
20080530 bulgaria 's newly @-@ form state agency for national security ( dans ) state that dans disband a criminal gang operate in bulgaria and suspect of help to finance separatist rebel in chechnya .
dans state --
the gang have be operate since the late 1990 s and have intimate connection with bulgarian organize crime group .
the gang engage in illegal activity include racketeer , blackmail , arm smuggle , cigarette smuggle and money launder and allegedly use proceed to fund terrorist group in chechnya .
dans state --
the leader of the gang be a russian citizen of chechen origin name ruslan gapayev .
other member include 5 men of chechen origin .
the number of suspect arrest be unspecified but the majority be of chechen origin .
other russian , ukrainian , moldovan , armenian and bulgarian citizen with a criminal record be also involve in the gang 's activity
2008 @-@ 05 @-@ 30
bulgaria ( bg )
crime ; terrorism
bulgarian federal agent broke up a criminal gang operate in bulgaria and suspect of help finance separatist rebel in chechnya .
bulgarian federal agent state on 30 may 2008 that agent have break up a criminal gang operate in bulgaria and suspect of help finance separatist rebel in chechnya .
the newly @-@ form state agency for national security ( dans ) say in a statement that the gang have be operate in bulgaria since the late 1990 s and have close link with bulgarian organize crime group .
the statement do not specify how many people have be arrest but say most of the suspect be of chechen origin .
the dans state the gang engage in illegal activity include racketeer , blackmail , arm smuggle , cigarette smuggle and money launder .
the dans state the gang allegedly use the proceed to fund terrorist group in chechnya .
2008 @-@ 07 @-@ 01
unite kingdom ( gb ) ; china ( cn ) ; france ( fr ) ; russian federation ( ru ) ; unite state ( us ) ; india ( in ) ; pakistan ( pk ) ; israel ( il ) ; democratic people 's republic of korea ( kp ) ; iran ( ir ) ; syrian arab republic ( sy )
international ; proliferation ; politics
un secretary general urge increase global effort to end nuclear proliferation .
ban ki @-@ moon state that the nuclear non @-@ proliferation treaty must be revise and strengthen to address present challenge such as the proliferation crises in north korea , iran and syria .
on 01 july 2008 un secretary general ban ki @-@ moon mark the 40 th anniversary of the sign of the nuclear non @-@ proliferation treaty ( npt ) by urge increase effort toward restrict nuclear proliferation .
describe the un @-@ support treaty as the most effective multilateral instrument to limit nuclear proliferation ban state that nation must reinforce and strengthen the npt in order to address present challenge .
ban state --
10 s of 1000 s of nuclear weapon remain deploy and stockpile .
significant irreversible and verifiable reduction be necessary .
nuclear proliferation by state or non @-@ state actor threaten everyone and therefore require global cooperation in address non @-@ compliance , resolve concern over nuclear programs and ensure the most reliable control over nuclear material .
ban be currently on an asian tour .
the npt be the most universal arm control treaty in force .
the npt be open for signature on 01 july 1968 and make effective on 05 march 1970 .
189 of the 192 un member state have sign the npt .
the state goal of the npt be to end the nuclear arm race and seek nuclear disarmament .
5 country that have test nuclear weapon before the treaty 's completion be recognize as nuclear @-@ weapon state and obligate to pursue effective measure toward nuclear disarmament .
the nation designate nuclear @-@ weapon state be unite kingdom , china , france , russian federation and unite state .
all other nation be designate non @-@ nuclear @-@ weapon state and prohibit from acquire any nuclear arm .
india , pakistan , israel and north korea have succeed in build their own nuclear weapon outside the npt framework .
the npt be draft during the cold war era and expert have state that it must be revise in order to address present challenge such as the proliferation crises in north korea , iran and syria .
north korea develop a covert nuclear weapon program which it be currently in the lengthy process of dismantle .
iran be accuse of pursue a weapon program under the guise of peaceful nuclear power and syria have recently be accuse of build a covert nuclear facility .
2008 @-@ 07 @-@ 05
afghanistan ( af )
international ; terrorism ; government ; narcotic ; crime
1.4 ton of opium be seize in afghanistan .
afghanistan be the world 's top opium producer .
on 5 july 2008 afghanistan authority state that on 3 july 2008 afghan security force seize 1.4 tonne of opium .
the opium be seize in western afghanistan near the border with iran .
in a statement afghanistan 's interior ministry state that 7 men be detain in herat province in connection with the seizure .
afghanistan be the world 's top opium producer .
in 2007 afghanistan produce 8200 ton of opium or 92 percent of opium globally .
accord to un figure approximately 60 percent of afghanistan 's opium leave afghanistan in the form of heroin .
afghanistan official state that islamic taliban insurgent earn million of dollar annually from the opium trade .
2008 @-@ 07 @-@ 11
algeria ( dz )
international ; narcotic ; crime
an algerian court sentence 4 people to prison for grow opium poppy and drug traffic .
the sentence be a result of algerian official ' effort to decrease the opium trade in algeria .
a judicial source state an algerian court on 11 july 2008 sentence 7 people for grow opium poppy and traffic in illegal drug trade .
the source state the court convict the defendant after police discover more than 2300 of the illegal plant across several field in march 2007 .
the court in adrar in southern algeria sentence 4 men to 5 year in prison and 3 others include 2 women to a 5 @-@ year suspend sentence .
the accuse state the accuse do not know what the plant be and that the accuse thought the plant be use for cattle fee .
the arrest be part of a crackdown by authority in the region on opium trade .
5 people be sentence by the adrar court in june 2008 to 5 year in prison follow the discovery of approximately 1600 opium poppy .
in april 2007 police in adrar destroy 16000 poppy as well as cannabis plant .
algeria 's health minister state algeria be consider a key drug transit zone with roughly half of all narcotic pass through algeria consume locally .
2008 @-@ 07 @-@ 19
uzbekistan ( uz )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime
the suspect head of a group provide fund to islamic extremist in uzbekistan be charge in france after be extradite from the netherlands .
a source state on july 19 , 2008 that irfan demirtas the suspect head of a group provide fund to islamic extremist in uzbekistan be charge in france after be extradite from the netherlands .
the source say irfan demirtas be accuse on july 18 , 2008 of fund terrorism by french judge thierry fragnoli and philippe coirre and that demirtas be place in custody .
demirtas be 1 of 10 people arrest in may 2008 during a crackdown lead by france on people suspect of help fund the islamic movement of uzbekistan ( imu ) .
8 arrest take place in a suburb of the eastern french city of mulhouse and in the central rhone region .
1 arrest take place in the netherlands and another in germany .
one suspect be later release in france .
police find several firearm and a large amount of cash during search of the suspect ' home on july 18 , 2008 .
computer disc and file be seize .
the french domestic dst intelligence agency have be investigate the ring for close to a year .
the arrest be order by anti @-@ terrorism judge fragnoli .
the imu be originally form to overthrow uzbekistan 's president islam karimov and set up an islamic regime across central asia .
the imu be form in 1998 and there be claim the organization be link to al @-@ qaeda .
the imu be say to be active on the border between pakistan and afghanistan and be list as a terrorist group by the unite state .
irfan demirtas be of turkish and dutch origin .
2008 @-@ 07 @-@ 23
saudi arabia ( sa )
narcotic ; crime
convict nigerian drug trafficker shuaib ali mohammed be behead by the sword in mecca .
the behead be the 66 th execution announce by the saudi arabian government in 2008 .
the interior ministry of saudi arabia state that convict nigerian drug trafficker shuaib ali mohammed be behead by the sword on 23 july 2008 in mecca in western saudi arabia .
the ministry say in a statement quote by official news agency spa that shuaib ali mohammed have previous conviction for drug smuggle and be sentence to death for traffic cocaine .
the ministry do not provide further detail .
the behead be the 66 th execution announce by the saudi arabian government in 2008 .
a record 153 people be execute in saudi arabia in 2007 .
37 people be behead in saudi arabia in 2006 .
saudi arabian government apply a strict conservative version of sharia or islamic law .
rape , murder , apostasy , arm robbery or drug traffic can carry the death penalty in saudi arabia .
execution be usually carry out in public in saudi arabia .
2008 @-@ 07 @-@ 25
singapore ( sg )
narcotic ; crime ; international
australian television reporter peter lloyd face 3 new drug charge in singapore .
if convict he face between 5 and 15 year in prison .
accord to court document --
on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd face 3 new drug charge in singapore .
lloyd have already be charge with drug traffic .
lloyd 's new charge include --
1 charge of consume the stimulant methamphetamine
2 charge of possess drug paraphernalia stain with methamphetamine and ketamine in a singapore hospital room .
if convict of the consumption charge lloyd face 10 year in prison , a 20000 singapore dollar ( 15,000 us dollar ) fine , or both the prison sentence and the fine .
police state that ketamine be an anaesthetic that have come into common usage at dance party .
lloyd be be arrest in singapore last week .
lloyd be initially charge with traffic methamphetamine to a singaporean at a hotel in july 2008 .
lloyd face a 2 nd charge for allegedly possess methamphetamine at a singapore hospital .
on 25 july 2008 the initial charge be amend .
the methamphetamine amount allegedly involve be reduce to --
traffic 0.15 gram ( 0.00525 ounce ) .
possession 0.41 gram .
on 23 july 2008 lloyd be release from custody after post 60000 dollar bail .
on 1 august 2008 lloyd 's case will be hear again in court .
if convict of the traffic charge lloyd face between 5 and 20 year in prison and 5 to 15 stroke of the cane .
lloyd be 41 year old .
lloyd be the new delhi @-@ based correspondent for the australian broadcast corporation ( abc ) .
methamphetamine be also know as ice .
2008 @-@ 07 @-@ 28
libyan arab jamahiriya ( ly )
narcotic
the libyan interior ministry state on 28 july 2008 that libyan authority have seize 110 pound of heroin .
the ministry state that the amount of heroin be the largest ever seize in a north african country .
the libyan interior ministry state on 28 july 2008 that libyan authority have seize 50 kilo ( 110 pound ) of heroin in a record haul .
the ministry state libyan authority seize heroin of pure quality in the al @-@ wahat region of eastern libya .
the ministry do not specify if any arrest be make .
the ministry state that the amount of heroin be the largest ever seize in a north african country and the second largest record in libya .
the ministry state effort be be make to eradicate the epidemic in libya where illegal narcotic be consider weapon of mass destruction but the ministry do not elaborate .
drug traffic carry the death penalty in libya which be a key transit route for drug that come mainly from egypt , morocco and turkey .
libyan authority announce the week of 20 july 2008 that authority have seize 1 ton of hashish in the southeastern region of tazerbo .
2008 @-@ 08 @-@ 01
mexico ( mx )
narcotic ; crime ; international
mexican police apprehend allege colombian drug trafficker ever villafane on july 30 , 2008 .
mexican police state on august 1 , 2008 that on july 30 , 2008 in mexico city the police apprehend an alleged colombian drug trafficker name ever villafane involve in smuggle operation from colombia to a top mexican drug cartel .
ever villafane hold mexican identity document during arrest with the name marco antonio espinoza tovali .
ever villafane escape from a colombian maximum security prison in 2001 after learn that extradition to the unite state be approach .
federal police state that ever villafanse be responsible for coordinating drug traffic from colombia to mexico for the organization of the mexican beltran leyva brother
mexican authority state that the beltran leyva brother work with joaquin el chapo guzman who be the fugitive head of the sinaloa international drug traffic cartel .
the unite state accuse ever villafane of possess and aim to distribute cocaine .
2008 @-@ 08 @-@ 12
georgia ( ge ) ; russian federation ( ru )
international ; government ; telecom ; technology ; war and conflict
georgian government websites be under intense cyber attack follow russian military strike against georgia late last week .
12 august 2008 us internet firm tulip system inc announce that --
georgian government websites be under cyber attack .
the cyber attack follow russian military strike launch against georgia late last week .
on 9 august 2008 tulip system inc take over host websites for georgia 's presidency and a major georgian television network .
on 8 august 2008 russian force storm georgia in response to georgia 's attack on a moscow @-@ back rebel province .
tulip system inc executive tom burling state that --
the distribute @-@ denial @-@ of @-@ service ( ddos ) attack begin in the week before the russia @-@ georgia conflict .
on 12 august 2008 the distributed @-@ denial @-@ of @-@ service ( ddos ) attack continue
after the kremlin announce it have cease hostility in georgia .
russia have be attack georgia from a cyber standpoint since july 2008 .
russia be still attack georgia .
the tulip technician in georgia have get 3 hour sleep in 4 day .
the cyber attack be similar to 2007 cyber attack on estonia .
the cyber attack on estonia coincide with a diplomatic conflict between estonia and russia .
russia be behind the cyber attack .
georgian government websites be receive hundred of million of simultaneous request for document .
the cyber attack be take down all georgian government website .
tulip protect georgian government websites .
the trend of cyber attack be a cause for concern .
the internet community be suppose to be above politics .
the internet community be suppose to be like the olympics .
ddos attack consist of overload websites with request to crash system .
ddos attack be simple , economical and hard to trace .
on 12 august 2008 georgian site host on tulip be reportedly receive 68000 request at once .
russia deny involvement in the cyber attack on georgia .
expert state that it be difficult to determine who be behind the cyber attack on georgia .
israeli computer security specialist who investigate the cyber assault on estonia gadi evro state that --
the georgian government 's websites have obviously be under attack .
it be too early to reach any conclusion as to the motive and identity of the attacker .
cyber warfare have become commonplace in the past decade .
cyber attack be only natural and happen immediately follow any conflict or political tension .
director of shadowserver andre dimino state that --
there be danger in assume russia launch cyber attack on georgia .
the cyber attack on georgia look more like grassroots hacktivists that jump on the bandwagon .
hacktivisits be political activist that launch online attack .
cyber attack be typically do use network of computer call botnets .
botnets be network of computer that have be turn into zombie or bots with malicious software .
hackers plant the malicious software without the machine ' owner ' knowledge .
botnets can grow to thousand or million of machine .
botnets can be command to simultaneously make request at targeted websites .
shadowserver a nonprofit internet security watchdog .
shadowserver have team member around the world .
estonia be a baltic state .
georgian force attack south ossetia to regain control of south ossetia .
south ossetia be a moscow @-@ back rebel province .
in the 1990 s south ossetia broke away from tbilisi .
on 8 august 2008 russian troop and tank storm georgia after the georgian offensive .
georgia be a former soviet state .
2008 @-@ 09 @-@ 17
unite kingdom ( uk )
international ; human right ; weapon
amnesty international report on light weapon impact and urge global arm treaty prevent weapon sale to human right violators .
20080917 in the report ' blood at the crossroad ' amnesty international state that a new un global arm treaty under negotiation should require government to actively prevent sale of weapon likely to be use in human right violation .
the report state that the system of national law regulate arm sale be ineffective and enable unrestrained weapon trade lead to violation of human right .
153 country vote for a un motion to introduce a global arm treaty in 20061200 and un member state will discuss progress on the treaty in 20081000 .
amnesty international state that the us -- which reject the arm treaty motion -- china , egypt , india , pakistan and russia be stall the treaty .
amnesty arm control manager brian wood state that a minority of skeptics prefer to ignore irresponsible arm transfer defy the majority of the international community 's approval of arm control and render most national arm control and un arm embargo weak and ineffective .
the report catalogue the impact of light weapon in 9 country .
the report state that small weapon be use with catastrophic effect by the myanmar military to disperse protestors in 20070900 and somalian arm faction in mogadishu .
the report also profile darfur , colombia , guatemala , guinea and especially iraq .
the report state --
the us department of defense have fund the majority of over 1 million rifle , pistol and infantry weapon for 530000 iraqi security personnel since 2003 .
the fund process be mismanage and unaccountable because the contract out of the weapon deal render accurate documentation of supply and recipient by people authorize weapon and munition transfer virtually impossible .
the mismanagement have augment sectarian violence in iraq since the 2003 us @-@ lead invasion .
researcher helen hughes state that government must meet their obligation through an arm trade treaty with a stipulation on human right rather than ignore the consequence of irresponsible international arm transfer .
2008 @-@ 09 @-@ 26
australia ( au ) ; japan ( jp )
international ; government ; weapon ; proliferation
the leader of australia and japan launch a commission on september 26 , 2008 to press for nuclear non proliferation and disarmament ahead of review of a key international atomic treaty .
the leader of australia and japan launch a commission on september 26 , 2008 to press for nuclear non proliferation and disarmament ahead of review of a key international atomic treaty .
the international commission on nuclear non @-@ proliferation and disarmament be unveil by australian prime minister kevin rudd and new japanese prime minister taro aso on the sideline of the un general assembly .
the panel be lead by former australian and japanese foreign minister gareth evans and yoriko kawaguchi respectively and have 15 @-@ member .
it be comprise of former head of state , minister , military strategist and disarmament expert .
rudd say it will seek to shape a global consensus in the lead up to the 2010 nuclear nuclear non @-@ proliferation treaty ( npt ) review conference and beyond .
rudd say the npt be face increase pressure from the action of country such as north korea and iran even though npt be the most significant and successful arm control instrument of the nuclear age and the cornerstone of global disarmament effort .
iran have be accuse of carry out an illegal nuclear program while north korea have defiantly move to restart its illicit nuclear activity after stop them .
aso say japan have always undertake a realistic and concrete approach towards realize a nuclear weapon free world because it be the only country that experience the bomb of a nuclear weapon .
aso assume the premiership this week .
aso tell the commission to hold active discussion and prepare meaningful recommendation for a more effective non @-@ proliferation and disarmament regime .
a statement say the implication of a likely nuclear renaissance due to climate change and energy security concern will be a focus of the commission .
this include the need for renew attention to nuclear safeguard , safety and security .
the first meet of the commission will be hold in sydney from october 19 to 21 .
it will be host by the australian government .
among those in the commission be former norwegian prime minister gro harlem brundtland , former mexican president ernesto zedillo , former us defense secretary william perry , ex @-@ indonesian foreign minister ali alatas , china 's ex @-@ un envoy wang yingfan .
2008 @-@ 10 @-@ 13
honduras ( hn )
narcotic ; politics ; crime
president manuel zelaya propose legalize drug use to liberate honduras 's financial resource and limit international trafficker .
zelaya make the statement at the open of the 18 th meet of regional leader against drug traffic .
president manuel zelaya on 13 october 2008 propose legalize drug use to liberate honduras 's financial resource and limit international trafficker .
zelaya make the statement at the open of the 18 th meet of regional leader against drug traffic .
drug minister from 32 latin american and caribbean nation be meet in tegucigalpa with unite nation office of drug and crime from 13 october 2008 through 17 october 2008 .
zelaya state the trade of arm , drug and people be scourge on the international economy and the honduras government be unable to provide effective response because of conventional legal restraint .
zelaya state that drug user should be consider patient treat by doctor and pharmacy and that drug user would benefit from government social programs .
zelaya state that the honduras government could invest in resource for education and train rather than continue to kill and capture trafficker .
2008 @-@ 10 @-@ 21
unite nation
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; war and conflict ; crime ; human right
archbishop desmond tutu make appeal at un for member state to support a global arm trade treaty to stop the casualty worldwide which result from the uncontrolled small arm trade .
south africa 's retire archbishop desmond tutu on 081021 appeal to un member state to end the casualty which result from the uncontrolled small arm trade by back a global arm trade treaty .
tutu 's appeal come as the un disarmament committee be set to vote on an arm trade treaty ( att ) resolution next week .
some 85 country be co @-@ sponsor the text .
tutu point out in a message deliver to all 192 mission at the unite nation in new york that in the last 2 year almost 0.75 million people have die as a result of arm violence .
tutu say each member state can and must act to control the deadly trade in weapon that be behind these death .
tutu say there can be no further delay and that be time to end the slaughter .
tutu say there be some state which be oppose to such a treaty and will seek to undermine and delay any further progress or will seek to convince others that this treaty be not require or cannot work .
tutu say these state must not be allow to succeed because the human cost be too high .
tutu 's message be deliver by activist of the control arm campaign .
the control arm campaign be push for a strong treaty to stop the sale of small arm around the world and be launch 5 year ago by amnesty international , oxfam international and the international action network on small arm .
the un general assembly in 061200 overwhelmingly adopt a resolution launch a process for a treaty to prevent arm transfer that fuel conflict and serious human right violation around the world .
only the unite state vote against .
24 government abstain .
that resolution ask then @-@ un secretary general kofi annan to seek the view of member state on the feasibility , scope and draft parameter for a comprehensive and legally bind instrument establish common international standard for the import , export and transfer of conventional arm .
2008 @-@ 10 @-@ 29
cape verde ( cv )
narcotic ; crime ; international ; politics
west african nation commit to combating drug traffic at a conference host in cape verde on october 29 , 2008 .
15 western african nation on october 29 , 2008 pledge to tackle the region 's accelerate drug traffic problem by boost resource and regional cooperation .
the prime minister of cape verde jose maria neves state at the end of the 2 day regional conference that the member of the economic community of west african state have adopt an action plan to fight drug traffic .
this plain include allocate more money and resource to address the rise in cocaine traffic and encourage the justice and interior ministry of african nation to work together .
the plan will be discuss further at an economic community of west african state summit in december 2008 .
the head of the economic community of west african state commission ibn chambas state that there be firm commitment in term of support despite the unknown cost of implement the plan .
accord to the unite nation office on drug and crime at least 50 ton of cocaine from south america transits through west africa every year to be sell on to europe .
on monday the head of the unite nation office on drug and crime point to cape verde which host the economic community of west african state conference as a good example of how the tide could be turn against the international drug cartel .
jose maria neves attributed cape verde 's success in crack down on drug trafficker to good governance and law and order .
jose maria neves also state that cape verde must be uncomprising in the defense of sovereignty and interest of the citizen of cape verde .
2008 @-@ 11 @-@ 04
iraq ( iq ) ; denmark ( dk )
international ; proliferation ; weapon
denmark 's foreign intelligence admit that claim make in 2003 that saddam hussein have weapon of mass destruction be incorrect , yet prime minister anders fogh rasmussen state that weapon of mass destruction be not the reason denmark enter the war in iraq .
on 4 november 2008 in an address to the danish parliamentary defense commission danish foreign intelligence service ( fe ) state --
claim make in 2003 that saddam hussein have weapon of mass destruction be incorrect .
fe 's work be careless .
fe 's information be not based on credible source .
fe 's information source be poor and insufficient .
fe conclude wrongly that iraq most likely had weapon of mass destruction ( wmd ) .
the intelligence service of all other nation conclude wrongly that iraq most likely had wmd .
it be difficult for western intelligence agency to operate under saddam 's regime .
few iraqis be able to be recruit as informant under saddam 's regime .
iraqis recruit as spy turn out to be weak source .
last week danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen defend danish involvement in the iraq war .
rasmussen state --
politician widely believe that saddam hussein keep wmd and other chemical and biological weapon .
wmd be not the official reason for denmark enter the war in iraq .
denmark enter the war in iraq because saddam refuse to cooperate with unite nation .
a majority of lawmakers in the danish parliament approve military action .
defense spokesman for the opposition social democrat party john dyrby paulsen tell danish television that --
rasmussen claim saddam hussein do not cooperate with the un only because he know that the wmd argument would not be believe .
2008 @-@ 11 @-@ 07
europe ; russia ( ru )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; politics ; government ; leader
a statement release by the french foreign ministry say the european union express strong concern on november 7 , 2008 over russia 's decision to deploy missile on the eu 's enclave of kaliningrad .
a statement release by the french foreign ministry say the european union express strong concern on november 7 , 2008 over russia 's decision to deploy missile on the eu 's enclave of kaliningrad .
russian president dmitry medvedev make a statement about the deployment of iskander short @-@ range missile in the western russian territory on november 5 , 2008 .
an eu statement say medvedev 's statement do not contribute to create a climate of confidence and to improve security in europe .
the statement say the presidency of the european union council express its strong concern follow the statement by president medvedev .
it announce the deployment of the iskander missile in the kaliningrad region .
the eu say they regret russia 's move .
the eu want a dialogue with russia on question surround the security of the entire european continent and russia have make proposal on the matter .
medvedev say the deployment would counter a u.s. anti @-@ missile system to be based in poland and the czech republic by 2013 @-@ 2014 .
russia would shoot a warn shot to u.s. president @-@ elect barack obama and the unite state 's ally in central europe .
nato have voice serious worry about the arm control implication of the russian plan .
the unite state have describe them as disappointing .
eu foreign minister meet on november 10 , 2008 to debate whether to resume partnership talk with russia before the eu @-@ russia summit in nice , southern france on november 14 , 2008 .
russia be lock over the georgia conflict in september .
russia be the eu 's third largest trade partner with growth rate of up to 20 percent per year .
the eu be also the biggest investor in russia .
eu @-@ russian relation be govern at present by a 1997 partnership and cooperation agreement reach when russia be weak and emerge from the dissolution of the old soviet union .
2008 @-@ 11 @-@ 19
costa rica ( cr )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; politics ; leader ; military ; money
president oscar aria sanchez of costa rica call for a global reduction of military spend as a matter of international security on november 19 , 2008 .
costa rica be an unarm state .
president oscar aria sanchez of costa rica call for a global reduction of military spend as a matter of international security on november 19 , 2008 .
costa rica be an unarm state .
aria in an address before the un security council say the logic that lead a poor nation to spend excessive sum on its army and not on its people be perverse and be the antithesis of human security .
it be a serious threat to international security .
costa rica preside over the un security council this month .
aria say costa rica be not a naive nation even though it have no military .
aria be a 1987 novel peace prize laureate .
aria say costa rica have not come for the abolition of all army .
costa rica have not come to discuss reduction of world military spend which have reach 3.3 billion dollar a day .
costa rica propose instead that a gradual reduction be not only possible but also imperative particularly for develop nation .
the costa rican president decry the limit application of article 26 of the un charter .
it call on the security council to use international arm control to avoid divert human and economic resource .
aria say article 26 have be a dead letter in the vast cemetery of intention for world peace until now .
aria be promote stronger multi @-@ lateralism .
aria say nation will continue to arm themselves at the expense of the people 's development and international security as long as the nation do not feel protect by strong regional organization with real power to act .
this be particularly true in the poor country .
aria urge the security council to apply the costa rica consensus .
the consensus forgive debt and provide aid for develop country that spend more on human resource than the military .
aria press the international body to support the arm trade treaty .
the treaty would control international arm sale to prevent the illicit use of weapon .
aria say the 640 million small arm and light weapon that exist in the world have prove to be more lethal than nuclear weapon and be one of the primary threat to national and international security .
74 percent of the small arm and light weapon be own by civilian .
2008 @-@ 11 @-@ 27
unite kingdom ( gb )
international ; terrorism ; money
the hindu forum of britain urge the government of the unite kingdom to stop any british charity from send fund abroad for terrorism targeting india .
the hindu forum of britain issue on november 27 , 2008 a condemnation of the mumbai attack and urge the unite kingdom 's government to end any fund emanating from the unite kingdom for islamist terror group .
the hindu forum of britain state that in july 2008 the group appeal to home secretary jacqui smith to sanction any british charity send fund to pakistan and divert them to terror group .
ramesh kallidai state it be unacceptable for british soil to be use for fund terrorism originate in pakistan and targeting india .
other local hindu organization in london , birmingham and northern england join the hindu forum of britain in condemn the attack .
islamist gunman launch coordinated attack on november 26 , 2008 against luxury hotel and other target in india 's financial capital .
the gunmen take foreign hostage and kill more than 100 people .
secretary general of the hindu forum of britain ramesh kallidai state that india have borne the brunt of religious terrorism in the south asian region for over 50 year .
ramesh kallidai state that the hindu forum of britain urge the unite kingdom 's government to increase cooperation between british and indian intelligence to end the problem of fund for terrorism which strike at the very core of human dignity and ethical value .
indian prime minister manmohan singh state that the individual behind the attack be based outside the country and warn neighbors who provide a haven to anti @-@ india militant .
the little @-@ know deccan mujahedeen group have claim responsibility for the attack .
the hindu forum of britain be the unite kingdom 's main hindu representative body .
the last census in 2001 found there be 560,000 hindus in britain and slightly over one million people of indian ethnic origin or 1.8 percent of the population .
2008 @-@ 12 @-@ 11
china ( cn ) ; france ( fr )
international ; telecom ; technology ; crime ; government ; human right ; leader
chinese official deny allegation that the large @-@ scale cyber attack of french government websites be link to a diplomatic dispute with the government of france regard tibet .
the cyber attack occur after the french president sarkozy 's meet with the dalai lama anger the chinese government .
on 11 december 2008 in response to allegation of cyber attack of the website of the french embassy in beijing the chinese government state that there be no clear link between the attack and a diplomatic dispute with france regard tibet .
foreign ministry spokesman liu jianchao tell journalist --
the chinese government do not support or condone cyber attack on the embassy of other nation .
the chinese government be not aware of any question or concern raise by france .
a french diplomat state to the afp that the french embassy website have be inaccessible for several day due to a large @-@ scale cyber attack .
the anonymous diplomat state that the server be attack for several day with massive request for a connection predominantly come in at night .
the cyber attack occur after french president nicolas sarkozy 's meet with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama .
some french media report have state that the motive for the attack be the chinese government 's anger over sarkozy 's meet with the dalai lama .
liu state --
the chinese government have note relevant report and conclude that the allegation be speculation .
when report on this issue the media should base report on solid proof and should not target china without such proof .
the government of china accuse the dalai lama of seek independence for his homeland tibet despite his repeat denial of this aim .
the government of china view it as a national affront when foreign leader meet the dalai lama .
the government of china have rule tibet since 1951 after dispatch troop to the himalayan region in 1950 .
2008 @-@ 12 @-@ 12
myanmar ( mm )
narcotic ; crime
myanmar authority arrest 308 people in 207 drug @-@ related case in november 2008 in an effort to decrease opium production in myanmar .
myanmar government have come under pressure from several government include china to decrease illegal drug production .
new light of myanmar newspaper state on 12 december 2008 that myanmar authority arrest 308 people include 250 men and 58 women in 207 drug @-@ related case in november 2008 .
new light of myanmar state myanmar police , custom official and military seized 71.18 kilogram ( 157 pound ) of opium , 7.6 kilogram of heroin , 0.7 kilogram of opium oil , 4.6 kilogram of low @-@ grade opium and more than 220000 stimulant tablet .
myanmar be a military @-@ rule nation and be the world 's 2 nd largest opium producer .
the unite nation ' office on drug and crime state opium production in myanmar rise 46 percent from 2006 to 2007 .
the un state high @-@ level collusion and corruption be responsible for the rise .
activist across the border in thailand state crop substitution programs for poor farmer have not be successful .
expert state myanmar have become a hub for methamphetamine production with convoy of truck ferry chemical and mobile laboratory under the cover of myanmar 's jungle .
myanmar 's mountainous and lawless border region once hide vast poppy field which supply most of the world 's opium into the 1990 s .
myanmar government begin a campaign in the 1990 s to eradicate poppy due to pressure from government include myanmar 's ally china .
afghanistan replace myanmar as the world 's top opium producer .
myanmar government state myanmar be on track to be drug @-@ free by 2014 .
after a few year of steep decline opium production in myanmar have rise again .
in november 2008 u.s. authority state the authority have freeze the asset of 26 individual and 17 firm tie to drug traffic in myanmar and prohibit u.s. citizen from associate with the individual and firm .
the u.s. treasury department state u.s. authority targeted people and firm link to the unite wa state army which be the most powerful drug traffic organization in southeast asia .
2008 @-@ 12 @-@ 18
algeria ( dz ) ; libyan arab jamahiriya ( ly ) ; morocco ( ma ) ; mauritania ( mr ) ; tunisia ( tn ) ; egypt ( eg ) ; italy ( it ) ; france ( fr ) ; europe
international ; weapon ; terrorism ; proliferation
eu official request that north african country adopt the eu 's strict rule on arm trade in an effort to combat terrorism .
north african and european official discuss the destabilizing effect of arm traffic through the mediterranean .
on 18 december 2008 european union official request north african country to abide by eu rule on arm trade to combat the spread of terrorism .
eu representative be conduct talk with the 5 member country of the arab maghreb union and egypt in rabat , morocco until 19 december 2008 .
the 5 member country of the arab maghreb union be algeria , libya , morocco , mauritania and tunisia .
an envoy from the french eu presidency attend the meet in morocco state that the aim of the meet be to improve logistical aid , inspector train , development of national relation and support for the un treaty on arm control .
jean @-@ luc brunet state that this be the first meet between north african and european government regard arm trade .
eu envoy rise @-@ marie chabanski state that the same policy that apply to the european union can apply to north africa
chabanski state that north african country should publish detail of sale of their arm equipment and military technology .
eu envoy from italy diego martini state that the eu 's request for adoption of strict rule on arm trade in north africa be necessary because of the potential for terrorist seizure of arm pass through the mediterranean en route from the atlantic ocean to the indian ocean .
martini state that all country must fight terrorism .
moroccan representative youssef amrani state that particularly problematic will be control of small arm and light weapon number at an estimate 600 million currently in circulation in the world .
amrani state that the unchecked increase in small arm and light weapon combine with illegal arm traffic increase criminal behavior , provoke conflict , destabilizes region and threaten development .
accord to the unite nation 47 of 49 conflict in the 1990 s be fight with small arm and light weapon .
2001 @-@ 08 @-@ 30
australia ( au )
international ; weapon ; war and conflict
un undersecretary @-@ general for disarmament affair warn against increase in global military spend , cite arm sale to develop country and failure in nuclear disarmament negotiation .
20010830 un undersecretary @-@ general for disarmament affair jayantha dhanapala state in a speech at macquarie university in sydney issue by his office at the un that global military spend be rise at an alarm rate after year of decline follow the 1991 end of the cold war .
20010600 the stockholm international peace research institute report that global military spend increase from 780 billion dollar in 1999 to 798 billion dollar in 2000 .
develop country -- dhanapala state that as before military spend increase at the highest rate in african and south asian country with significant unmet social and economic need .
dhanapala state that arm sale to develop country increase 8 percent to over 36 billion dollar in 2000 .
the stockholm institute state that 23 of 25 major arm conflict in the world in 2000 occur in impoverished nation .
dhanapala state that impoverish country involve in arm conflict waste human life and scarce economic resource .
dhanapala call the situation tragic and note that half of the world 's population life on under 2 dollar per day .
20010800 the us congressional research service report that the us sell almost 50 percent of weapon purchase by develop country in 2000 , follow by russia , france , germany , britain and china .
the unite arab emirate , india , and south korea lead weapon purchase in 2000 .
dhanapala state that the unite arab emirate , india , and south korea be the world 's three most volatile region .
dhanapala state that the first resolution adopt by the un general assembly in 1946 call for the elimination of all weapon of mass destruction .
20010830 the un security council pass a resolution for arm conflict prevention request that member state ensure implementation of the un program of action on the illicit trade in small arm develop in a summit on small arm in new york in 20010700 .
dhanapala state --
approximately 30000 nuclear weapon remain in arsenal around the world and many be on high alert .
approximately 550 million small arm remain in circulation around the world .
the number of both large and small weapon be alarm .
dhanapala state that international effort to halt or decelerate the spread of weapon have stall .
dhanapala state that negotiation on nuclear disarmament and control the fissile material use in nuclear weapon be deadlocked at the un conference on disarmament in geneva .
the nuclear test ban treaty have not receive sufficient ratifications to enter into force .
20010700 effort to enforce a ban on biological warfare fail when the us declare a draft proposal unacceptable .
dhanapala state that the state intention of the us to withdraw as a party jeopardize the anti @-@ ballistic missile treaty may incite a new phase of the global nuclear arm race as well the probability of a missile race and the weaponization of space .
us president george w. bush have announce plan for the construction of an anti @-@ missile shield , which would violate the 1972 abm treaty that russia consider to be a cornerstone of international security .
2002 @-@ 01 @-@ 11
japan ( jp )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime ; government
the japanese government say on january 11 , 2002 that it have clamp down on the financial transaction of three more suspected terrorist group as part of its effort to freeze asset use to fund terrorism .
the japanese government say on january 11 , 2002 that it have clamp down on the financial transaction of three more suspected terrorist group as part of its effort to freeze asset use to fund terrorism .
a statement issue jointly by japan 's foreign , finance and economy ministry say authority have impose control on transaction involve hamas @-@ izz al @-@ din al @-@ qassem , palestinian islamic jihad and lashkar @-@ e @-@ tayyiba .
hamas @-@ izz al @-@ din al @-@ qassem and palestinian islamic jihad be fight to end the israeli occupation of palestine .
lashkar @-@ e @-@ tayyiba be engage in a guerrilla war with indian security force to create an independent islamic state in the dispute territory of kashmir .
the statement say japan have restrict the transaction of a total of 12 organization and individual suspect of terrorist activity .
another 293 be believe to have tie to afghanistan 's taliban militia .
the taliban be accuse of shelter osama bin laden .
the unite state have name bin laden as the mastermind of the september 11 terrorist attack on washington and new york .
the japanese government announce in october 2001 that japan have freeze three taliban bank account in japan hold about dlrs 600,000 .
another 28 account amounting to about 18 million yen ( about dlrs 136,000 ) be freeze because they be suspect of be connect to the taliban .
2002 @-@ 04 @-@ 15
russian federation ( ru )
international ; space ; military
ret. lt. @-@ gen. anatoly sokolov announce -- soviet @-@ built a @-@ 135 missile defense system around moscow be obsolete and inefficient .
he say russia be not strong enough to modernize the exist antimissile system and should build new missile defense technology instead .
15 april 2002 retire russian space force general ret. lt. @-@ gen. anatoly sokolov announce --
soviet @-@ built a @-@ 135 missile defense system around moscow be obsolete and inefficient .
the a @-@ 135 system be the only such system in the world .
the a @-@ 135 system should be remove .
the a @-@ 135 system be unable to provide protection of the area or the country .
ussr deploy a @-@ 35 anti @-@ ballistic missile system in 1974 .
the a @-@ 35 --
be deploy around moscow .
consisted of radars and 64 missile interceptor .
be continually modify with independently @-@ targeted multiple warhead .
a @-@ 135 launch in 1994 as latest version of a @-@ 35 .
a @-@ 135 include long @- and medium @-@ range missile interceptor .
the anti @-@ ballistic missile ( abm ) treaty allow the us and russia to protect a single site with no more than 100 interceptor .
russia 's missile defense system comply with the abm treaty .
in 1970 s the us have a similar system to protect missile field in north dakota .
the us have destroy this system .
the abm treaty bar a nationwide missile shield of the kind the us want to deploy .
in december 2001 president george w. bush warn russia that the us would withdraw from the abm treaty in 6 month .
russian president vladimir putin state --
us withdrawal from the abm treaty be not a threat to russian security .
us withdrawal from the abm would hurt global stability .
russian official have say recently that the moscow missile defense system could be upgrade in the next few year ,
sokolov state --
russian government should not modernize the old missile defense system but build new missile defense technology instead .
modernization would be costly .
russia be not strong enough to modernize the exist antimissile system .
russia have lose several soviet @-@ built long @-@ range radars essential for effective operation of an anti @-@ missile system .
a new anti @-@ missile system in belarus would be inadequate .
sokolov previously serve as a top commander with russia 's space force .
2002 @-@ 05 @-@ 16
malaysia ( my ) ; indonesia ( id ) ; singapore ( sg ) ; philippines ( ph )
international ; politics ; terrorism ; crime ; government
malaysia 's deputy home affair minister chor chee heung call for leader of southeast asian country to standardize domestic law and introduce anti @-@ terrorism law at a meet of the association of southeast asian nation .
some asean official state such standardization would be difficult due to different country ' political system .
official from singapore and the philippines request indonesian government exert control over islamic militant in indonesia , but an indonesian official deny indonesia be a base for southeast asian terrorist .
on 16 may 2002 malaysia 's deputy home affair minister chor chee heung tell delegate from the region that leader of southeast asian country should consider standardize domestic law and should introduce new law to aid the effort against terrorism and cross @-@ border crime .
chor make the statement at a meet of senior police and official from the law and order ministry of the association of southeast asian nation , or asean .
asean member be malaysia , singapore , indonesia , the philippines , thailand , brunei , laos , cambodia , vietnam and myanmar .
the 2 @-@ day asean conference focused on fight sea piracy , gun smuggle , drug traffic , illegal immigration and other cross @-@ border crime .
chor state the pace of technological improvement be rapidly outstrip the ability of law enforcement agency to keep pace with transnational criminal organization .
chor state the recent communication development have aid cross @-@ border money launder , illegal gamble and electronic fraud .
chor state that forge extradition treaty , standardize definition of crime , simplify law on the seizure of criminal proceed and introduce similar witness protection programs would be beneficial .
chor state harmonization of law will spread the risk that criminal organization have to confront and provide fewer safe haven for transnational organized crime organization .
some official state the task would be difficult for asean member because of vary legal and political system .
deputy commissioner of the royal palace thai police 's special branch amarin neemskul state standardize law in southeast asia be not currently possible though the willingness be there .
asean official will hold separate talk on combating terrorism immediately after the conference in kuala lumpur , malaysia .
in early may 2002 official from the philippines , malaysia and indonesia sign an anti @-@ terrorism agreement to share airline passenger list and other intelligence .
thai government have indicate thailand will join the pact .
u.s. military trainer be aid official in the philippines in attempt to remove islamic guerrillas from the southern philippines .
a number of suspect islamic militant with alleged al @-@ qaida link have be arrest in malaysia and singapore , and official state the militant ' network extend into indonesia .
official from asean country include singapore and the philippines have urge indonesian government to exercise control over islamic militant group in indonesia .
indonesia 's top police officer assign to interpol dadang garnida state to reporter at the asean meet that no evidence indicate indonesia be a base for southeast asian terrorist and that islamic extremist group in indonesia be legitimate forum for promote solidarity among muslims , unless member break the law .
2002 @-@ 05 @-@ 20
malaysia ( my )
weapon ; narcotic ; terrorism ; crime
home minister of malaysia abdullah ahmad badawi tell a meet of the association of southeast asian nation that southeast asian country must work together to stop criminal from abet terrorist activity .
on 20 may 2002 home minister of malaysia abdullah ahmad badawi tell a regional counter @-@ terrorism meet --
arm smuggler and drug cartel must be eliminate from southeast asia .
arm smuggler and drug cartel abet terrorist .
arm smuggler and drug cartel provide militant group with weapon and fund in return for protection .
the counter @-@ terrorism meet take place between interior security minister from the association of southeast asian nation ( asean ) .
the meeting last 2 day .
badawi be also deputy prime minister of malaysia .
police and asean interior security minister will be ask to make their law cover transnational crime more alike .
at a related meet last week asean official name drug traffic , weapon smuggle , money launder , sea piracy , illegal immigration and cybercrime as area where cooperation between country can strengthen regional defenses .
asean minister be expect to approve plan to forge extradition treaty , sign bilateral and multilateral agreement on intelligence share and harmonize criminal law .
asean minister will discuss a proposal for joint train exercise in bomb detection , airport security and intelligence gather .
in early may 2002 the philippines , malaysia and indonesia sign an agreement to share terrorism intelligence .
thailand have state it will sign the agreement .
asean deputy secretary @-@ general ahmad mokhtar selat state --
minister may encourage other nation to sign the agreement .
a trilateral agreement could form a regional agreement encompass all 10 asean member country .
the philippines seek to eliminate islamic guerrillas in the restive south .
the philippines be be assist by u.s. military trainer .
suspect islamic militant with alleged al @-@ qaida link have be arrest in malaysia and singapore .
in 2001 a plot by these militant to bomb western embassy be expose .
some asean country have state that a regional islamic militant network extend into indonesia .
abdullah state that swift action by asean government have be able to --
identify terrorist threat early
stop major regional terror network from proliferate
abdullah be apparently referencing law in malaysia and singapore that allow for indefinite jail of suspect with trial .
asean member be malaysia , singapore , indonesia , the philippines , thailand , brunei , laos , cambodia , vietnam and myanmar/ burma .
2002 @-@ 06 @-@ 05
ukraine ( ua )
international ; space ; technology
ukraine almost have all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency 's program .
ukraine be consider likely to gain the remain approvals which will allow ukraine to join the program and share its renowned space technology .
the european space agency recommend on june 6 , 2002 that ukraine join a multinational program that could greatly expand market for ukrainian space technology .
head of the european space agency 's technology transfer program pierre brisson state that the european space agency will have to ask the european commission before confirm ukraine can join the program .
pierre brisson also state that the european commission will much likely issue approval by august 5 , 2002 and work on the project could start on december 5 , 2002 .
the ukrainian government must also approve the ukraine 's participation in the program but deputy director of ukraine 's national space agency eduard kuznetsov state that no problem be expect because of president leonid kuchma 's pro @-@ european goal .
the european space agency 's endorsement follow ukraine 's formal announcement to bid to join nato on may 29 , 2002 .
pierre brisson lead a team of european expert on a visit to kiev to discuss commercial application of ukrainian space technology with representative of the national space agency of ukraine , scientist and business leader .
pierre brisson state that ukraine 's material and process sector be the most immediately promise to other european client and could have a large impact on the future .
eduard kuznetsov state that the space sector will outperform ukraine 's overall integration schedule because the branch already have a record of international cooperation .
ukraine be an impoverished former soviet republic that gained independence from the soviet union in 1991 and have since a space power .
president leonid kuchma 's goal for ukraine be greater integration into europe .
a ukrainian company built in the soviet era call yuzmash have help find the sea launch project with the unite state , russia and norway to launch satellite from convert sea @-@ based oil drill platform .
a ukrainian cosmonaut name loenid kadenyuk have fly a successful mission on the u.s. space shuttle .
the european space agency 's program have so far transfer more than 100 technology .
15 new company with a turnover of 150 million euros or 140 million dollar and thousand of new job be create as a result .
russia already participate in the european space agency 's program .
2002 @-@ 06 @-@ 11
brazil ( br )
international ; technology ; business ; money ; military
embraer open a new factory in the sao paulo state of brazil in order to better compete to win a contract with the brazilian air force .
embraer inaugurate a new factory to build corporate jet and expand into the military aviation sector on june 11 , 2002 .
mauricio betelho state that the factory will allow embraer to enter business sector it have not yet enter .
the factory be locate in an area call gaviao peixoto in the sao paulo state in brazil .
gaviao peixoto be a small orange and sugar cane farm town of 4500 inhabitant about 300 kilometers or 180 mile northwest of sao paulo .
this location be call ideal to test military aircraft at supersonic speed .
embraer be invest 150 million dollar over 10 year to upgrade the factory 's technology so that the factory can produce embraer 's new legacy corporate jet and a range of military aircraft .
the military aircraft include the emb @-@ 145 reconnaissance and alx super tucano train plane .
the factory contain a 5 kilometer or 3 mile long test runway which be the longest in the southern hemisphere .
embraer president mauricio betelho state that the factory be expect to employ 1000 people by 2003 and 3000 people over the next decade .
the factory be expect to attract investment by the jetmaker 's supplier .
kawaski heavy industry of japan be the first supplier to invest in the factory .
this supplier will use the factory to make wing for embraer 's new 08 seat erj 190 @/@ 195 passenger jet .
mauricio betelho state kawaski heavy industry be likely to be just the first of several supplier to invest in the plant .
embraer be the world 's 4 th largest aircraft manufacturer and brazil 's top exporter .
embraer be 1 of 4 competitor for a contract to supply the brazilian air force with 12 new supersonic fighter .
embraer be work with french partner dassault avaiation to gain technology transfer which should give the local bid an advantage over the other competitiors .
the winner of this contract be expect to be announce in a few day .
if embraer win the contract the mirage 2000 @-@ 5 br would be assemble at the factory and dassault would transfer all technology include software code that allow flexibility int he choice of missile to embraer .
win the contract would also allow embraer to export assemble mirage .
the competitor include lockheed martin ' f @-@ 16 c , the jas @-@ 39 gripen built by a u.k . @-@ swedish consortium and two russian plane call the mig @-@ 29 and the sukhoi su @-@ 35 .
air force expert be say to prefer the sukhoi fighter but botelho state that national sovereignty should play an important role in the result .
sao paulo state be brazil 's richest and most industralized state .
2002 @-@ 06 @-@ 18
pakistan ( pk )
dissent ; war and conflict ; international ; terrorism
father of militant kill in kashmir vow to continue support for independence
mohammed aziz 's son imam be kill in kashmir in january 2002 .
militant fight against indian rule bury the son in the himalayan forest .
imam be aziz 's eldest son .
aziz state that he would not hesitate to sacrifice his remain four son for kashmiri independence .
aziz be angry that president pervez musharraf will obstruct pakistan 's the militant islamic group that send fighter into the indian @-@ rule portion of kashmir .
aziz state his pride of be a father of a martyr and that president musharraf have sell the blood of hundred of freedom fighter by stop men from wage jihad in kashmir .
aziz be in lahore near the indian border south of kashmir .
10000 people rally on june 16 , 2002 in lahore include aziz .
political and religious group vow to fight for kashmir despite musharraf 's promise to stop militant based in pakistan from cross into indian @-@ control territory to stage attack .
militant group that oppose musharraf 's crackdown and musharraf 's support for the u.s. @-@ lead war in afghanistan have be blame for attack targeting foreigner and symbol of western influence in pakistan .
this include a bomb outside the u.s. consulate in karachi that kill 12 people in june 2002 .
musharraf pledge to stop cross @-@ border infiltration because of pressure from the unite state .
the unite state fear the kashmir crisis could trigger a full @-@ scale conflict between india and pakistan .
the dispute over kashmir begin when india and pakistan gain independence from britain in 1947 .
the two country both have nuclear weapon and have fight two war over kashmir .
there be increase tension of war between india and pakistan after an attack on an indian army camp .
the attack kill 34 people and be one of the deadliest single assault since 1989 .
in 1989 militant launch an insurgency in indian @-@ control kashmir seek independence or a merger with islamic pakistan .
kashmir be india 's only muslim @-@ majority state .
india be dominate by hinduism .
india accuse islamabad of fund and train guerrilla .
the guerrilla cross the line of control that divide kashmir and carry out attack on the indian side .
ten of thousand of indian troop , guerrilla and civilian have be kill .
pakistan say it only provide moral and political support for kashmir 's name freedom fighter .
diplomatic intervention and musharraf 's suppression of militant and cross @-@ border attack have decrease tension of war .
there be strong resentment among pakistan 's conservative islamic group .
fighter with hezb @-@ ul mujahedeen anas javed say that pakistan soldier deploy near the kashmir border use to pray for success in jihad but be now terrorist accord to musharra .
hezb @-@ ul mujahedeen be one of the main militant group fight in kashmir .
the leader of two other outlawed pakistani militant group that operate in kashmir lashkar @-@ e @-@ tayyaba and jaish @-@ e @-@ mohammed be in police custody and under house arrest respectively .
musharraf 's crackdown have decrease tension about war .
the dispute over kashmir continue with no sign of abate .
a board be create during the rally in lahore bear the name of militant kill during the 12 @-@ year insurgency .
safdar sadiqui 's son be on it .
sadiqui 's son be kill in kashmir in 1993 at age 22 .
islamic cleric sadiqui state that his son give his life for kashmir and that sadiqui would do whatever possible to liberate kashmir .
sadiqui be associate with pakistan 's main hard @-@ line religious group jamaat @-@ e @-@ islami .
muslim cleric mohammed yousaf state his anger at the pakistan army for prevent men from fight against india in kashmir at the line of control .
yousaf sit beside sadiqui .
yousaf say that pakistan be incomplete without kashmir .
2002 @-@ 07 @-@ 08
cuba ( cu )
international ; technology ; business ; money ; health ; science ; economy ; government
cuban biotechnology pharmaceuticals program seek to expand to overseas market in develop country .
the cuban government seek to increase pharmaceutical profit by significantly expand overseas market through the development of novel pharmaceuticals and the sale of the world 's most lucrative biotechnology drug , erythropoetin ( epo ) .
amgen inc. invent epo and share patent right with johnson & johnson and kirin brewery in the most lucrative industrialized market -- the us , europe and japan .
in 2001 epo generate 6 billion dollar in sale for the 3 corporation .
amgen sell epo in the us as epogen for over 36 dollar per dose .
us epogen consumer pay over 10000 dollar each annually for the drug .
epo be a genetically engineer protein use legally by kidney dialysis and chemotherapy patient and illegally by athlete to increase the concentration of oxygenate red blood cell .
an increase quantity of biotechnology drug be produce without any attempt to obtain license in develop nation .
us patent holder consider the trade in generic drug a violation to their intellectual property .
consumer in develop country appreciate lower price on generic drug .
cuba consider the generic drug trade good business and currently manufacture epo for sale in argentina , brazil , india and other country that do not acknowledge most us and european drug patent .
cuban biotechnology executive blanca tormo state that cuba carefully abide by intellectual property law and exclusively sell epo in country in which no entity have exclusive patent right .
the largest potential pharmaceutical market be in the 1.3 billion person chinese market .
amgen , kirin , the small canadian biotechnology company dragon pharmaceuticals inc. and at lease 4 chinese company currently sell epo in china .
the generic product cost as low as 5 dollar per dose in china .
by join the world trade organization in 2001 china agree to abide by wto intellectual property agreement but the agreement contain mechanism allow develop nation to circumvent patent , particularly in pharmaceuticals , when public health concern be deem to override the patent .
current state of biotechnology in cuba --
the cuban biotechnology industry currently generate 100 million dollar annually and reach market in over 40 country .
cuba 's genetic engineer and biotechnology center occupy modern tower approve by fidel castro and employ over 1000 people to engineer protein to combat major terminal illness .
cuba currently produce novel biotechnology product : hepatitis b and meningitis b vaccine , a skin growth factor , interferons , thrombosis and heart attack medicine and aid treatment .
cuba have produce over 78 million dose of hepatitis b vaccine .
cuba license its meningitis b vaccine to the british company glaxosmithkline , which hope to eventually sell the vaccine in the unite state under a clinton @-@ era exemption to the cuban trade embargo .
cuba be cooperate with the small canadian company ym biosciences on trial of a head and neck cancer treatment .
cuba be seek further partnership with foreign company in vaccine research for aid , 8 type of cancer and cholera .
cuban official include attendees of the annual bio 2002 industry conference 20020600 in toronto state that negotiation for new biotechnology trade and production agreement be in progress with brazil , malaysia , netherlands , spain , mexico , venezuela , vietnam , ukraine , germany and the unite state .
cuba have or be negotiate technology transfer agreement with 14 country , chiefly develop nation include india , algeria and south africa .
20020500 us undersecretary of state for arm control john bolton state that the us believe cuba have at least a limited offensive biological warfare research and development effort and have provide dual @-@ use biotechnology to other rogue state .
scientist , castro , and former us president jimmy carter , who visit cuba directly after bolton 's statement , dismiss bolton 's statement as unfair .
tormo state that bolton unintentionally increase publicity for the cuban biotechnology program .
2002 @-@ 07 @-@ 18
russia ( ru )
international ; government ; technology ; military ; space
russian military space force put on test duty an optical space @-@ object track facility locate in the ex @-@ soviet republic of tajikistan
the russian military space force on 020718 inaugurate an optical track facility that be intend to monitor object in space and put it on test duty .
the okno optical track facility be near the town of nurek in the central region of the ex @-@ soviet republic of tajikistan and locate 50 kilometers ( 30 mile ) southeast of the tajik capital dushanbe .
russian space force say in a statement carry by the interfax @-@ military news agency that the okno ( window ) complex be capable of track object 40000 kilometers ( 24800 mile ) from earth .
the okno offer a better range and precision than standard radar facility accord to the space force .
the report do not elaborate on how the okno work .
the report saids space force chief col . @-@ gen . anatoly perminov traveled to the site to report on the facility 's launch to defense minister sergei ivanov , .
accord to image on the federation of american scientist ' web site , the facility involve telescope @-@ like equipment house in several large sphere .
the okno be locate in tajikistan 's mountain 2200 meter ( 7260 feet ) above sea level and take advantage of the area 's fine weather and high transparency of the atmosphere .
such condition be not find elsewhere in the former soviet union .
the site describe it as similar to the u.s. geodss system , or ground @-@ based electro @-@ optical deep space surveillance .
three such u.s. facility be operational .
the construction of the facility start in 790000 , but stop after the 910000 soviet collapse when tajikistan slide into a 5 year civil war that undermined its economy and leave its population in deep poverty .
about 25000 russian troop and border guard be deploy in tajikistan to help protect its volatile southern border with afghanistan and prevent drug smuggle .
2002 @-@ 08 @-@ 08
italy ( it )
international ; telecom ; business ; government ; technology ; politics
italy be lead a technology transfer initiative develop by the g @-@ 8 country which will improve the technology of develop country .
the goal of the initiative be to provide the infrastructure and good governance need to alleviate poverty .
italy sponsor technology transfer to develop country as a form of foreign aid and alleviate poverty .
premier silvio berlusconi support and sponsor the initiative with counterpart at recent international gathering include the last g @-@ 8 summit in canada .
italy persuade partner to let italy lead the g @-@ 8 summit 's e @-@ government initiative call dot force or digital opportunity task force .
former ibm executive and current technology minister of italy lucio stanca be lead italy 's internet program for develop country as part of the group of eight 's effort to reduce the digital divide .
silvio berlusconi give lucio stanca his current role of modernize italy 's bureaucracy .
lucio stanca state that italy will not targeting country that have very basic need .
the first technology transfer project will be implement in the fall .
one such project be create an electronic database for real estate in mozambique .
so far 12 million euros or 12 million dollar have be allocate to finance the initial phase of these project .
this cost be only a fraction of the total cost .
italy be finance most of the cost but the world bank and possibly some private telecommunications company be also contribute .
lucio stanca state that the world must solve the problem of world hunger , disease and education but in order to do that the world must first help create good governance .
the rationale behind create good governance be that by make the public administration of develop country more transparent and accountable develop country would become more attractive potential recipient of traditional form of aid such as loan and investment .
in effect good governance would invalidate the reason use by country that do not do enough that donate be not appropriate because it be impossible to know whether the aid would reach its true destination .
the unite nation telecommunications agency state that 83 country in africa , asia , and the former soviet union still have less than 10 telephone line for every 100 people .
other study note that even though the internet have be in use for more than a decade , only about 10 percent of the world 's population have access to it .
reduce the digital divide have take on a central role in the fight against global poverty in recent year .
the unite nation have repeatedly state that the world 's poor may be further marginalized if there be no improvement in access to information technology .
reduce the digital divide be declare a priority at last year 's g @-@ 8 summit in genoa which include russia .
italy launch pilot programs in 5 country at a conference in sicily sponsor by the unite nation and italy in april , 2002 .
the conference focused on how technology can be use to improve administration in develop country .
the plan for albania be computerization of demographic survey .
the plan for jordan be e @-@ procurement which will allow online trade , auction , payment and settlement of bill .
the plan for tunisia be the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection .
the plan for nigeria and mozambique be the creation an electronic database for real estate .
washington @-@ based adviser at world learn ann hudock state that poverty reduction will only occur when the poor themselves be bring into the policy process .
oxfram america be a nonprofit development group based in boston .
world learn be an organization promote education and justice .
2002 @-@ 10 @-@ 12
russia ( ru )
international ; government ; technology ; military ; space ; weapon
russian navy , air force and space force successfully carry out a series of test firings of missile
russian defense official say the russian navy , air force and space force successfully carry out a series of test firings of missile on 021012 .
a spokesman for the russian space force press service say the russian space force test @-@ fire an rs @-@ 12 m topol intercontinental ballistic missile .
the spokesman say the missile take off from the plesetsk cosmodrome , about 1200 kilometers ( 800 mile ) north of moscow and hit the target at the kura test range on the kamchatka peninsula in russia 's far east , about 7000 kilometers ( 4200 mile ) away .
the spokesman say the launch be carry out by the strategic rocket force and space force in accordance with schedule of troop military train .
topol missile have be on combat duty for 15 year and russia periodically test them to see if their lifetime can be extend .
a defense ministry spokesman say the russian navy 's northern and pacific fleet successfully test @-@ fire ballistic missile from nuclear submarine in the barents sea to the north and the sea of okhotsk .
the spokesman say the purpose of the test be to check the efficiency of the military command body of the russian arm force .
interfax news agency report that 2 russian strategic bomber on 021012 launch cruise missile as part of a train exercise .
interfax say a tu @-@ 160 bomber and a tu @-@ 95 ms bomber launch the missile against target locate on the military test ground in the volga region after a 12 @-@ hour train flight .
2002 @-@ 12 @-@ 28
india ( in ) ; pakistan ( pk )
international ; terrorism ; government
indian deputy prime minister accuse pakistan of become a haven for terrorist escape from afghanistan and permit increase guerrilla attack in kashmir .
20021228 indian deputy prime minister lal krishna advani state at a gather of paramilitary police officer in new delhi --
intelligence report state that al @-@ qaeda member have flee from american force in afghanistan and relocate to western pakistan and pakistan @-@ control kashmir , make pakistan the new epicenter of terrorism .
cross @-@ border incursion by islamic guerrillas into indian @-@ control kashmir increase in recent week .
the international community must beware of the situation , which could prove expensive for any country .
pakistan 's foreign ministry spokesman aziz ahmad khan state in islamabad --
the accusation be without merit .
indian leader have previously leveled baseless allegation at pakistan .
india should resolve its issue with pakistan include the core issue of kashmir to ensure durable peace in the region , rather than accuse pakistan .
india have refuse talk with pakistan .
pakistani and american official state that over 400 taliban and al @-@ qaeda suspect have be arrest in pakistan .
20021228 the head of the pakistan @-@ based guerrilla group hezb @-@ ul mujahadeen syed salahuddin state at a meet of hezb commander in mazzafarabad , the capital of pakistani kashmir , that hezb will continue and increase jihad in the indian state of jammu @-@ kashmir with full force .
hezb be the largest of over 12 militia battle indian troop for kashmir 's independence from mostly hindu india , or its merger with islamic pakistan .
advani state --
pakistani president pervez musharraf 's assurance to the unite state of end cross @-@ border terrorism in kashmir , terminate militant camp and ban dozen of islamic group be merely cosmetic .
many of the ban terrorist group continue activity in pakistan and kashmir under new name .
the indian army state that 4 islamic militant be kill in 2 separate gun battle 20021228 .
indian army spokesman lt.col . mukhtar singh state that soldier storm a militant hideout in kreeri , a village 35 kilometers north of srinagar , jammu @-@ kashmir 's summer capital .
2 militant identify as member of the pakistan @-@ based lashkar @-@ e @-@ tayyaba group be kill .
approximately 25 kilometers southwest of sringar 2 militant be kill in a second gun battle .
local police report 4 civilian wound in the crossfire .
india and pakistan have fight 2 of 3 war over control of kashmir .
both country claim the entirety of the region .
the islamic insurgency in kashmir have last 13 year and kill over 61000 people .
india accuse pakistan of fund and train the cross @-@ border guerrilla .
pakistan claim it offer moral rather than material support to the rebel , whom it consider freedom fighter .
2003 @-@ 01 @-@ 25
thailand ( th ) ; japan ( jp ) ; malaysia ( my ) ; philippines ( ph ) ; korea , republic of ( kr ) ; india ( in )
international ; technology ; telecom ; business ; crime
a virus @-@ like computer infection spread through asian digital network and disrupt internet service in several country .
the virus be think to have utilize a security flaw in microsoft software .
a virus @-@ like computer infection spread through worldwide digital network and interrupt internet service in part of asia on 25 january 2003 .
the infection slow or halt web browse and e @-@ mail service in several country .
user and news media report outage or slowdowns in thailand , japan , malaysia , the philippines , south korea and india .
internet service provider say a sudden surge in traffic jam network on the afternoon of 25 january 2003 .
antivirus vendor symantec corp. estimate at least 22000 system be affect worldwide .
a technical support representative for internet thailand state --
a virus or worm attack a bug in microsoft software .
while traffic among domestic thai server be normal , exchange with international server begin slow down around 12 @:@ 00 pm ( 0500 gmt ) .
the exchange come to a halt within hour before recover the even of 25 january 2003 .
u.s. official state the attack seek out vulnerable computer on the internet use a known flaw in software from microsoft corp. call sql server 2000 .
the attack software code scan for victim computer randomly and aggressively and sent out thousand of probe each second which overwhelm many internet data pipeline .
local thai subscriber state that other thai internet service provider appear to be unaffected .
nhk television in japan report --
some of the japan 's internet connection experience heavy traffic .
a public university computer have be hit by over 200000 transmission in 1 hour .
security firm be investigate the incident .
traffic @-@ direct computer at korea telecom freetel and sk telecom fail to function in south korea and affect million of internet user .
chief system engineer at kt freetel kim chang @-@ rae state excessive traffic cause 1 of kt freetel 's main domain server to fail which force other server to shut down in a chain reaction .
official state the system be restore after several hour but service remain slow .
the failure affect weekend internet bank and shop traffic ahead of the lunar new year holiday .
chunghwa telecom co. ltd. be 1 of the largest internet provider in taiwan .
a customer service operator from chunghwa telecom co. ltd. state service experience difficulty and that some customer be n't able to access the web .
the operator would not state how many customer be affect .
privately @-@ own internet service provider timedotcom in malaysia state timedotcom have receive numerous complaint from customer of partial or no access to the internet .
internet user in new delhi report service interruption but no problem be report in india 's software development centers of hyderabad and bangalore .
internet service provider sky internet inc. in the philippines report an increase in signal early on 25 january 2003 and state the increase be an apparent attempt to congest the network .
sky internet inc. worker temporarily shut down dial @-@ up service in response to the increase in signal .
technical operator at sky internet inc. dan rebueno state several signal come from an outside source that worker at sky internet inc. could not identify and the worker block the congestion attempt .
rebueno state sky internet inc. be currently up on a normal workload .
official in the unite state say the attack on 25 january 2003 bore similarity to a code red virus in the summer of 2001 which also halt traffic on much of the internet .
in may 2000 the so @-@ call love bug virus be release in the philippines and overwhelm e @-@ mail system worldwide .
the virus cause 10 s of million of dollar in damage .
prosecutor in the philippines dismiss all charge against a man accuse of release the virus because of a lack of applicable law .
2003 @-@ 04 @-@ 06
philippines ( ph ) ; unite state ( us ) ; singapore ( sg )
international ; terrorism
philippine intelligence report reveal singapore @-@ based al @-@ qaida group 's plan to bomb embassy , u.s. corporation , and warship in singapore and to crash hijack plane at singapore 's national airport .
the plan be successfully stop in their final stage in december 2001 and 15 cell member be arrest .
philippine intelligence report obtain by the associate press reveal a singapore @-@ based al @-@ qaida group 's plan to attack embassy of the unite state , great britain , israel and australia , to attack u.s. corporation and warship in singapore and to crash a hijack plane at the country 's international airport .
the group order a chemist to buy 4 ton of ammonium nitrate .
the amount be 4 time the amount of explosive that timothy mcveigh use to bomb the oklahoma city federal build .
the embassy attack be successfully stop in the final stage by u.s. investigator and ally in southeast asia but the explosive be not recover .
1 of the phillipine report state that singapore be a target for terrorist attack because of its 17000 u.s. resident and 6000 multinational company include several american company .
the terrorist belong to jemaah islamiah designate by the u.s. government as a terrorist organization and describe in 1 of the phillipine report as part of the broader al @-@ qaida syndicate .
the group plan attack in singapore before and after the hijacking in the unite state on 11 september 2001 .
the group be believe responsible for attack throughout southeast asia .
the group be suspect in the bombings in bali that kill approximately 200 people in october 2002 .
the attack in singapore be prevent after 15 individual be arrest in december 2001 .
2 of the individual arrest be release .
1 of the philippine report state that local official and western business executive be shock by the ability of al @-@ qaida to plant operative in such a tightly control society as singapore .
the member of the 4 or 5 @-@ man terror cell lead normal life and avoid contact with known islamic organization .
the member be not know to be active member of mosque in singapore .
in effort to avoid detection the member use code name and code number , communicate by e @-@ mail , encrypted their computer diskettes and use prepay mobile phone card .
investigator state that after the u.s. military campaign begin in afghanistan member of jemaah islamiah plan to procure 21 ton of explosive material and buy 4 ton of ammonium nitrate in an operation to attack embassy in singapore .
the ammonium nitrate be purchase by capture malaysian chemist and retire army captain yazid sufaat .
authority state that sufaat host 11 september hijacker and the accuse terrorism suspect zacarias moussaoui in malaysia at different time in 2000 .
authority state that sufaat provide moussaoui with counterfeit document with which to enter the unite state .
moussaoui be arrest in august 2001 in minnesota and remain the only u.s. defendant indict as a conspirator with the perpetrator of the 11 september attack .
the singaporean cell member be believe to be conduct reconnaissance when they be apprehend .
the explosive material be send to an indonesian island off singapore .
during the attack plan an indonesian and a kuwaiti arrive in singapore with instruction for the embassy operation .
cell member guide them to the u.s. embassy which be videotape include close @-@ up shot .
the adjoin australian embassy be also videotape .
in a separate plot a member of the cell take digital photograph of u.s. military aircraft and personnel use singapore 's paya lebar air base .
singapore authority believe a cell leader traveled to afghanistan and brief al @-@ qaida leader about the propose shuttle bus attack between august 1999 and april 2000 .
the al @-@ qaida official apparently turn down the plan because the target be not large enough .
a few day after the singapore arrest in december 2001 a videotape be find in an abandon house in kabul , afghanistan in which a narrator describe location in singapore where bomb could be hide to attack americans .
investigator search the home of those detain in singapore and find an identical videotape .
the singapore wing of jemaah islamiah may also have thai connection since at least 5 member who elude the 2001 arrest flee to thailand .
1 of the report state --
the group have previously plot to conduct 7 simultaneous explosion in different area of singapore .
the group have further plan to hijack a u.s. , british or singaporean plane and crash it into changi airport in order to threaten the u.s. government to halt its military strike against afghanistan .
in february 2003 indonesian police announce the arrest of the alleged head of the cell in singapore mas selamat kastari who be suspect of plan the airport attack .
kastari also be suspect in the propose shuttle bus attack .
the report arise after intelligence agent from southeast asian country realize after the 11 september 2001 attack that many radical islamic group in the region have close connection to each other and to osama bin laden 's terrorist network .
2003 @-@ 04 @-@ 28
india ( in ) ; france ( fr )
international ; government ; technology ; military ; money
the defense minister of france and india met april 28 , 2003 to discuss how india can improve defense technology with france 's guidance .
india be expect to close multiple deal with france soon regard the purchase of military equipment .
government representative of india and france state april 28 , 2003 that the 2 country be make progress on india 's plan to purchase french @-@ make submarine and military aircraft .
french defense minister michele alliot @-@ marie state after talk with indian defense minister george fernandez that the defense partnership between india and france be exemplary in intensity and diversity .
michele alliot @-@ marie complete a 3 @-@ day visit to india on april 28 , 2003 .
the political situation in iraq after the fall of saddam hussein , afghanistan and the global fight against terrorism influence michele alliot @-@ marie 's visit .
michele alliot @-@ marie state that india be consider many new contract for french submarine , military aircraft and other defense equipment .
india and france will soon conclude a 2 billion dollar agreement to build 6 scorpene submarine in india under a technology transfer deal .
the deal be still await final approval by the indian cabinet committee on security .
the deal would allow the submarine to be supply to the indian navy between 2010 and 2015 .
the submarine would be arm with french @-@ make exocet anti @-@ ship missile .
michele alliot @-@ marie state that talk be likely to result in the successful completion of the deal by the end of 2003 .
the indian air force be consider buy 130 multi @-@ role fighter plane to replace its aging soviet @-@ make mig aircraft .
france have be attempt to sell mirage @-@ v fighter jet to india for 5 year .
defense deal take year to conclude in india because every agreement must be approve by several ministry and can be stall by opposition party .
michele alliot @-@ marie state that the 2 side in the indian government have the competence and equivalent interest in defense cooperation and that the two side must work together for deal to be complete .
the government of india and france share the position that the unite nation should lead effort for the physical reconstruction of iraq and that the political reconstruction of iraq should be the responsibility of the local people .
michele alliot @-@ marie state that it be critical that iraqi people take charge of the political restructure of iraq .
2003 @-@ 05 @-@ 08
pakistan ( pk ) ; iran ( islamic republic of ) ( ir )
international ; politics ; crime ; government ; narcotic ; human right
official from pakistan and iran meet to discuss effort against cross @-@ border drug smuggle and human traffic at the begin of annual security talk .
priority at the meet include a proposal to create coordinated patrol and intelligence exchange and a plan to post security agent at border point .
official state that official from pakistan and iran discuss effort against cross @-@ border drug smuggle and human traffic at the begin of annual security talk on 8 may 2003 .
pakistan 's interior ministry spokesman asif hussein shirazi state that iran 's deputy interior minister for security affair ali asghar ahmedi and pakistan 's interior ministry secretary tasneem noorani meet in islamabad for the conference that will occur from 8 may 2003 through 9 may 2003 .
ahmedi state a proposal to create coordinated patrol and intelligence exchange will be a priority .
ahmedia and noorani will also discuss a plan to post security agent at border point to deter human trafficker .
pakistan and iran straddle a major conduit for illegal drug destine mainly for western market .
pakistan official state the week of 4 may 2003 that official have seize the largest ever drug haul 1350 kilogram ( 2970 pound ) of heroin with an estimate value of 500 million american dollar .
the seizure be conduct in the mountain of southwest baluchistan province near the iranian border .
ahmedi be schedule to meet other pakistani official include foreign minister khusheed kasuri in islamabad , and the governor of baluchistan in the regional capital of quetta .
2003 @-@ 05 @-@ 19
israel ( il ) ; palestinian territory ( ps )
war and conflict ; terrorism ; international ; politics
attack on shop mall be 5 th suicide bomb in israel in 48 hour follow recommencement of israeli @-@ palestinian peace talk .
sharon resist renew pressure from the cabinet to expel arafat because the us oppose arafat 's expulsion as a potential derailment to the road map plan that would exacerbate the situation .
bush promise to focus on the israeli @-@ palestinian conflict after the iraq war .
20030519 bush state --
the bush administration be determine to pursue a peace plan with the objective of end violence and establish a palestinian state by 2005 .
the peace process be arduous but will not be abandon until peace be achieve .
bush 's commitment encourage hope of a breakthrough to end 32 month of violence but palestinian militant have often prevent progress by increase attack at critical time in peacemaking .
sharon 's insistence on ceasefire before the begin of negotiation have grant veto power to the militant .
2003 @-@ 06 @-@ 03
korea , republic of ( kr )
international ; crime ; narcotic
south korean prosecutor seize 110 pound of illegal drug from a north korean @-@ own ship .
several nation include the unite state and japan accuse north korea of be a major supplier of illegal drug to asia .
australia have seize 2 shipment of drug from north korea @-@ own ship .
prosecutor in south korea 's largest port on 3 june 2003 seize 80 kilogram ( 176 pound ) of illegal drug .
south korean media state the drug may have originate from north korea .
busan custom official koh sang @-@ deok state prosecutor follow a tip and find methamphetamines in a container in southeastern busan .
koh could not give further detail .
south korea 's yonhap news agency quote unidentified custom official as state the drug have an estimate street value of 300 billion won ( 250 million american dollar ) .
the news agency quote the official as state the drug might have come from north korea and that the container be from china and arrive in busan after stop at a port in northeastern north korea known as rajin .
the news agency state that prosecutor be investigate .
official at busan district prosecutor ' office be not immediately available for comment the even of 3 june 2003 .
official from the unite state , japan and other nation accuse north korea of be a major supplier of heroin , methamphetamine and other narcotic to asia .
a u.s. state department report on global narcotic traffic state many north koreans include diplomatic employee have be apprehend abroad while traffic illegal drug .
north korean official be suspect of build nuclear weapon .
drug traffic , counterfeit u.s. dollar and missile sale be believe to generate much of north korea 's hard currency as north korea be an impoverished country .
in april 2003 australian authority seize 50 kilogram ( 110 pound ) of heroin worth 48 million american dollar from a north korean @-@ own ship .
australian authority charge 29 of the ship 's crew member with aid and abet the import of an illegal product .
australian official state the vessel be own by north korea 's rule communist worker ' party and raise the possibility of north korean involvement .
pyongyang official deny involvement .
australian police state police have uncover 75 kilogram ( 165 pound ) of heroin believe to be link to the same north korean ship the week of 26 may 2003 .
the heroin be find near the site where the previous stash be discover in april 2003 .
2003 @-@ 06 @-@ 10
korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp ) ; australia ( au )
international ; crime ; narcotic ; politics ; government
north korean media deny involvement in drug traffic after australian authority seize illegal drug from a north korean @-@ own vessel and state that australian authority be in league with the unite state government in discriminate against north korea .
in april 2003 australian authority find 50 kilogram ( 110 pound ) of heroin worth 48 million american dollar on a north korean @-@ own ship and charge the 29 crew member of the ship with aid and abet the import of an illegal product .
australian authority state the vessel be own by north korea 's rule communist worker ' party and raise the possibility of north korean involvement .
the week of 1 june 2003 australian police state police have seize 75 kilogram ( 165 pound ) of heroin believe to be link to the same north korean ship .
on 10 june 2003 north korean official reject allegation that the people of north korea be involve in drug traffic and accuse australian official of join government in washington in an attempt to suppress north korea .
north korean state @-@ run news agency kcna state --
north korean official clarify that north korean government strictly ban drug misuse and smuggle and have nothing to do with the recent case .
the north korean ship be a non @-@ governmental trade ship and the owner of the ship do not know about the alleged drug smuggle .
the case be a product of the political intrigue of the unite state and some undesirable force in australia to invent a pretext to impair the authority of the dprk and attack the dprk .
official from the unite state , japan , and other nation accuse north korea of be a major supplier of heroin , methamphetamine and other narcotic to asia .
a u.s. state department report on global narcotic traffic state many north koreans include employee at overseas embassy have be apprehend abroad while traffic illegal drug .
drug traffic , counterfeit u.s. dollar and missile sale be believe to generate much of north korea 's hard currency as north korea be an impoverished country suspect of build nuclear weapon .
2003 @-@ 08 @-@ 19
afghanistan ( af )
terrorism
bomb occur in afghanistan as attack by anti @-@ government insurgent increase in recent day .
official have not name party responsible but have previously blame taliban and their ally for attack in the region .
a bomb occur in afghanistan but police have not yet state who be responsible .
authority have previously blame taliban and their ally for attack in the south and east of afghanistan .
ahmed wali karzai be the president 's representative in southern kandahar .
ahmed wali karzai have no official function .
the younger karzai be not in the house at the time of the explosion .
attack by anti @-@ government insurgent have become increasingly bold and deadly with 100 s of rebel attack police station in eastern afghanistan in recent day .
several policemen have be kill and others have be capture .
president karzai recently replace the governor of southern kandahar gul agha sherzai with another ethnic pashtun yusuf pashtun
this replacement be an effort to reduce the power of regional warlord and to extend the government 's authority beyond the capital of kabul .
there be no indication of whether the bomb explosion be link to insurgent or to tribal rivalry .
2003 @-@ 10 @-@ 21
albania ( al )
international ; crime ; weapon
albanian luan krasniqi have be convict and sentence in absentia for weapon traffic .
krasniqi be capture in macedonia on an international arrest warrant .
21 october 2003 -- albanian luan krasniqi have be convict and sentence in absentia for weapon traffic .
krasniqi be capture in macedonia on an international arrest warrant .
in 2002 krasniqi be sentence to 10 year in prison after escape arrest .
circumstance of krasniqi 's arrest be unclear .
krasniqi may have be stop by police because for not have a passport and later arrest on the basis of the international warrant .
on 20 october 2003 krasniqi be deport to albania .
krasniqi be a resident of village in kukes district .
kukes district be locate 200 kilometers ( 125 mile ) northeast of tirana and border macedonia .
approximately 150000 weapon may have reach ethnic albanian militant fight in kosovo and macedonia .
albania have collect 200000 of the weapon .
illegally hold weapon be a major problem in albania .
an estimate 200000 arm be hold by private citizen in albania .
in 1997 an estimate 550000 weapon , 839 million round of ammunition and 16 million explosive device disappear from albania during unrest that follow riot .
the riot start after pyramid scheme into which most albanians have invest their savings have collapse .
kosovo and macedonia border albania .
2007 @-@ 12 @-@ 26
jordan ( jo ) ; unite state ( us )
energy ; politics
in september 2007 jordan sign an accord with the unite state aim at support the peaceful development of the jordan 's nascent nuclear program .
in december jordan 's king abdullah ii appoint a new top energy official .
on 26 december 2007 jordan 's state petra news agency state --
jordanian king abdullah ii appoint a new top energy official .
the energy official be appoint amid jordan 's heighten plan for a peaceful nuclear program .
a royal decree appoint farouk al @-@ hiyari as secretary general for the ministry of energy and mineral wealth .
al @-@ hiyari previously head the directorate of industrial energy at the ministry .
in september 2007 the unite state sign an accord with jordan aim at support the peaceful development of jodran 's new nuclear program .
under the accord the u.s. agree to help jordan develop requirement for appropriate power reactor , fuel service arrangement , civilian train , nuclear safety , and energy technology .
earlier in 2007 abdullah announce that --
abdullah intend to develop a peaceful nuclear program .
alternative energy source be need to generate electricity and desalinate water in jordan .
jordan have sign the nuclear nonproliferation treaty .
jordan have long call for a middle east free of weapon of mass destruction .
jordan be the unite state ' mideast ally .
jordan be oil @-@ poor .
2008 @-@ 01 @-@ 12
korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp ) ; korea , republic of ( kr ) ; unite state ( us )
international ; government ; proliferation
south korea 's incoming government deny that south korea be consider participate in a unite state @-@ lead program aim at stop the spread of weapon of mass destruction by country such as north korea .
on 080112 south korea 's incoming government deny a local media report state that south korea be consider participate in a unite state @-@ lead program aim at stop the spread of weapon of mass destruction by country such as north korea .
the chosun ilbo newspaper report the incoming south korean government of president @-@ elect lee myung @-@ bak be consider a foreign ministry suggestion that south korea should consider become a full member of the proliferation security initiative .
the proliferation security initiative call for stop and search ship suspect of carry weapon of mass destruction .
the south korean foreign ministry reportedly make the recommendation suggest that south korea should consider become a full member of the proliferation security initiative during a brief to the south korean government transition team on 080104 .
the chosun ilbo newspaper report state that the south korean foreign ministry state that become a full member of the proliferation security initiative would be helpful in strengthen south korea 's alliance with the unite state .
the south korean foreign ministry spokesman cho hee @-@ yong also decline to confirm that the south korean foreign ministry have make the proposal suggest that south korea should consider become a full member of the proliferation security initiative .
in a 1 sentence statement issue later in the day on 080112 cho hee @-@ yong state that there be no change in the south korean government 's basic position that we support the purpose and principle of the proliferation security initiative and south korea will adjust the scope of south korea 's participation accord to south korea 's judgment .
park jung @-@ ha state without any further elaboration to the associate press that the incoming south korean government have not discuss the proliferation security initiative at all .
park jung @-@ ha be a transition team spokesman .
the north korean government have warn the south korean government against participate in the proliferation security initiative program .
the north korean government state if the south korean government participate in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequence .
the proliferation security initiative be launch in 030000 primarily to deter trade in missile and nuclear technology by state such as north korea and iran .
country participate in the proliferation security initiative hold maritime drill to search ship suspect of carry nuclear , chemical and biological weapon , material to make these weapon , or missile to deliver these weapon .
south korea have only be an observer to the proliferation security initiative program and the south korean government have so far refuse unite state request to become a full member of the proliferation security initiative program .
the south korean government have state that south korea do not want to provoke north korea .
north korea view the proliferation security initiative program as a unite state attempt to overthrow the communist regime in north korea .
the south korea be lead by a liberal government .
lee myung @-@ bak have state that he would strengthen relation with the unite state because the unite state and south korea lack trust under the outgo south korean administration .
lee myung @-@ bak be a conservative former seoul mayor .
lee myung @-@ bak will take take the office of the president of south korea on 080225 .
2008 @-@ 01 @-@ 28
brazil ( br )
international ; military ; technology
the brazilian government be seek to buy military technology from france that could help brazil build a nuclear submarine .
it also want to establish a strategic partnership with france involve exchange of experience and knowledge and hope to discuss deal involve france 's rafale fighter jet and the cougar cargo helicopter .
brazil 's defense ministry say 080128 that the brazilian government be seek to buy military technology from france that could help brazil become the first country in latin america to have a nuclear submarine .
defense ministry spokesman jose ramos say defense minister nelson jobim traveled to france during 080120 @-@ 080126 with the main objective of the visit be to discuss the possible purchase of a diesel @-@ power scorpene class submarine that would serve as a model for the development of a nuclear submarine .
ramos say that any defense @-@ related agreement that may eventually be sign with the government of france must include the transfer of technology and note that brazil have nuclear reactor and fuel enrichment capacity but have not have the technology to build a nuclear submarine .
ramos decline to confirm a report publish 080128 by the folha de s. paulo newspaper say that the brazilian government would buy the submarine for us $ 600 million and pay off the amount over 20 year at an annual interest rate of 2.4 percent .
the brazilian government have discuss build a nuclear submarine for decade and begin a formal program in 1979 .
president luiz inacio lula da silva announce us $ 540 million in new fund for the program and for exist uranium enrichment effort in 070700 .
executive director of washington @-@ based nonpartisan research group arm control association daryl kimball say that brazil will surely become the first country in latin america to have a nuclear submarine if a brazil @-@ france agreement result in the construction of a nuclear submarine .
other topic of jobim 's visit to france :
ramos say the brazilian government want to establish a strategic partnership with france which would involve the exchange of experience and knowledge and note that france be interest in brazilian jungle warfare knowledge in term of both tactic and the use of electronic equipment in the humidity of tropical rain forest .
ramos say that the brazilian government also hope to discuss deal involve france 's rafale fighter jet and the cougar cargo helicopter but give no additional detail .
2008 @-@ 02 @-@ 09
germany ( de )
proliferation ; international ; terrorism
international atomic energy agency director elbaradei say the biggest danger face the world be not new nuclear state but the risk of extremist group obtain atomic weapon .
director general of the un international atomic energy agency mohammed elbaradei tell a conference of the world 's top defense official on 080209 that the biggest danger face the world be not new nuclear state but the risk of extremist group obtain atomic weapon .
elbaradei urge a reduction of the world 's nuclear stockpile and better control and say that an extremist group would use nuclear weapon upon procure such weapon .
elbaradei say that even country which have nuclear weapon know that a country which use nuclear weapon will be pulverize but that extremist group will use nuclear weapon if possible .
elbaradei say that country need to be aware that extremist group procure nuclear weapon be the number one security threat the world be face and add as a note of caution that give the state of the system of international control it be hard to determine whether nuclear material be end up with extremist group .
elbaradei say much of the material that be report steal be never recover and that a lot of the material recover have never be report steal .
elbaradei say in reference to iran that the international community should quickly engage in talk with the iranian government to secure guarantee that the iranian nuclear program will not be use to develop weapon and that such confidence can only be build through direct negotiation .
u.s. sen. joe lieberman say that iran remain the world 's top arm control challenge and that it would be a profound mistake to focus on the recent u.s. national intelligence estimate that suggest iran no long have a nuclear weapon program .
lieberman point out that in the nie report which say that the iranian government 's covert work on bomb design may have be temporarily suspend in 03000 it be also and far more importantly state that iran 's overt work on enrichment continue apace .
german foreign minister frank @-@ walter steinmeier similarly emphasize that the nie report in no way grant iran any kind of absolution .
germany have be work with the 5 permanent u.n. security council member on the iranian nuclear issue .
steinmeier consequently believe it be right for the international community to keep up the pressure on iran .
steinmeier say that in the interest of global safety the international community 's common goal must continue to be to prevent iranian nuclear armament and to counteract the erosion of the nonproliferation treaty .
2008 @-@ 02 @-@ 14
austria ( at ) ; india ( in ) ; brazil ( br )
crime ; health ; international
the vienna forum which end on february 15 , 2008 have reveal that organ traffic be become a prominent issue .
among one of the conclusion from the vienna forum be that top transplant surgeon be involve in the trade .
an expert state on february 14 , 2008 that top transplant surgeon in austria be collaborate with criminal organ traffic network to target desperate people .
during the vienna forum to fight human traffic nancy scheper @-@ hughes state that organ traffic involve people from the highest level of profession .
nancy scheper @-@ hughes also state that some surgeon be willing to collaborate with the key factor of the organ trade include criminal network , broker and kidney hunter .
recently a man in india be accuse of be the leader of a syndicate that be allege to have illegally remove hundred of kidney include some from poor laborers hold at gunpoint .
indian police state that the man head an illegal organ transplant ring based in the upscale new delhi suburb of gurgao .
the syndicate may have sell up to 500 kidney to client who traveled to india from around the world in the past 9 year .
nancy schepeter @-@ hughes state that no accurate estimate of how many people be traffic for organ exist but a conservative estimate would be 15000 traffic kidney per year .
nancy schepeter @-@ hughes state that there strong case document coercion in eastern europe , turkey , israel , india and the unite state .
nancy schepeter @-@ hughes state that most victim of kidney traffic be coerce by need and not by physical force .
in brazil people be compete to be choose for kidney traffic .
individual stuff 10 dollar bill into the pocket of a kidney broker .
nancy schepeter @-@ hughes state that this competition be drive by desperation .
nancy schepeter @-@ hughes state that traffic do not have to be transnational and can also be find within country .
a december 2007 world health organization bulletin include a paper that note that the shortage of an indigenous supply of organ have lead to the development of the international organ trade .
yosuke shimazono write the paper .
the paper also note that the international organ trade be not well understand because of a lack of data and lack of effort to integrate the available information .
the vienna forum end on february 15 , 2008 and be be convene by the unite nation global initiative to fight human traffic .
nancy scheper @-@ hughes be found director of organ watch , a professor , and the director of university of california at berkeley 's medical anthropology program .
organ watch be an academic research project based at the university of california at berkeley .
organ watch have a presence in 10 country with anthropologist , human right activist and doctor who volunteer .
some people volunteer anonymously .
2008 @-@ 02 @-@ 18
unite kingdom ( gb ) ; iraq ( iq )
international ; war and conflict ; politics ; government ; leader ; military
the unite kingdom 's foreign office release an early version of a 020000 dossier of prewar intelligence on iraq that become vital to tony blair 's case for go to war in iraq .
on 080218 the unite kingdom 's foreign office release an early version of a 020000 dossier of prewar intelligence on iraq that become vital to tony blair 's case for go to war in iraq .
foreign secretary david miliband publish a draft of the dossier on iraq 's weapon capability follow a request under freedom of information law .
the dossier of prewar intelligence on iraq include reference to intelligence claim that iraq have acquire uranium and have equipment necessary to produce chemical weapon .
the dossier of prewar intelligence on iraq do not contain a claim that iraq could launch weapon of mass destruction within 45 minute .
the claim that iraq could launch weapon of mass destruction within 45 minute be an allegation that become crucial to blair 's support of the 030000 unite state lead invasion of iraq and the allegation be later discredit .
freedom of information campaigner allege the assertion that that iraq could launch weapon of mass destruction within 45 minute be insert into later draft of the dossier of prewar intelligence shortly before the dossier be publish on the order of tony blair 's office in order to strengthen the case for war in iraq .
the freedom of information campaigner allegation be strongly deny by government of the unite kingdom .
david miliband state that the early draft of dossier of prewar intelligence on iraq be not use as the basis for later document that be draft by the joint intelligence committee .
the early draft of dossier of prewar intelligence on iraq be produce by then foreign office press office chief john williams .
tony blair present a final draft of the joint intelligence committee dossier to the unite kingdom 's parliament on 020924 .
the final draft of the joint intelligence committee dossier include the claim that iraq could launch weapon of mass destruction within 45 minute .
the name of the joint intelligence committee dossier be iraq 's weapon of mass destruction .
a second document be publish in 030200 be find to have repeat verbatim part of an academic study on iraq 's suppose concealment of weapon of mass destruction .
the second document that be publish in 030200 become know as the dodgy dossier .
hans blix state in 070000 that hans blix believe that tony blair have replace question mark with exclamation mark in intelligence dossier to justify the decision to invade iraq .
hans blix be the former unite nation chief weapon inspector .
lord butler 's 2004 official inquiry into the intelligence on iraq do not fault tony blair 's government .
lord butler 's 2004 official inquiry criticize intelligence official for relying in part on seriously flaw or unreliable source .
lord butler state that the dossier have push the government of the unite kingdom 's case to the limit of available intelligence and leave out vital caveat .
unite kingdom 's government weapon scientist david kelly kill himself in 030000 after he be expose as the source of a british broadcast corporation report that accuse tony blair 's down street office of embellish intelligence to make a stronger case for war in iraq .
on 080218 john williams state in the guardian newspaper that many within unite kingdom 's government have fail to find problem with tony blair 's case for join the invasion of iraq .
the 080218 statement in the guardian newspaper be write by john williams .
on 080218 john williams state in the guardian newspaper that other people be more perceptive than the many within unite kingdom 's government have fail to find problem with tony blair 's case for join the invasion of iraq and that one of these more perceptive people be the former unite kingdom foreign secretary robin cook .
robin cook be one of the minister john williams advise for a time .
david miliband criticize the decision of freedom of information authority to order the release of the john williams document .
david miliband state in write that official and other people who draft policy document should not feel constrain in present free and frank advice through fear that their idea will be make public .
robin cook resign from tony blair 's cabinet in opposition to the iraq war because robin cook claim he could not support military action without international approval .
robin cook die in 050000 .
john williams write in the guardian newspaper on 080218 that robin cook be right and the people who carry on work for the government of the unite kingdom be wrong .
david miliband criticize the decision of freedom of information authority to order the release of john williams written statement .
john williams written statement can be find on the internet at http : //www.fco.gov.uk/files/kfile/wmd--jul--2002.pdf .
2008 @-@ 02 @-@ 26
afghanistan ( af )
war and conflict ; narcotic ; international
a bomb blast kill 2 north atlantic treaty organization soldier in eastern afghanistan and the north atlantic treaty organization announce the seizure of 400 million unite state dollar worth of opium in the south of afghanistan .
on 080227 the north atlantic treaty organization state that a roadside bomb blast kill 2 north atlantic treaty organization soldier patrol in eastern afghanistan and wound 1 other north atlantic treaty organization soldier .
north atlantic treaty organization state that a seizure of 400 million unite state dollar worth of opium take place in the south of afghanistan .
the north atlantic treaty organization 's international security assistance force state that the north atlantic treaty organization soldier be on routine patrol when the bomb detonate in the sharan district of paktika province on 080226 .
the international security assistance force do not provide the nationality of the north atlantic treaty organization soldier kill .
accord to an associate press tally of figure from the international security assistance force and the unite state @-@ lead coalition , 21 foreign troop have kill in afghanistan so far this year .
insurgency @-@ related violence kill 222 foreign troop and more than 6500 people in total in afghanistan in 070000 .
070000 be the deadliest year since the unite state @-@ lead invasion of afghanistan begin in 2001 .
on 080226 the international security assistance force state that north atlantic treaty organization soldier and afghan soldier discover and destroy a large quantity of opium during a patrol last week in the sangin district of southern helmand province .
helmand province have be the frontline of the bloodiest battle in recent year between militant and foreign force .
helmand province be the world 's largest opium @-@ produce region .
official estimate that up to 40 percent of proceed from afghanistan 's drug trade be use to fund the insurgency .
40 percent of proceed of afghanistan 's drug trade be worth ten of million of unite state dollar .
2008 @-@ 03 @-@ 04
colombia ( co )
international ; proliferation ; terrorism
colombian vice president francisco santos state to the main world disarmament body in geneva that colombian police have find computer evidence indicate the farc movement have be attempt to obtain radioactive material to build dirty bomb .
santos state the farc movement be apparently negotiate for radioactive material .
colombian vice president francisco santos state to the main world disarmament body in geneva that colombian police have find computer evidence indicate the leftist revolutionary arm force of colombia have be attempt to obtain radioactive material to build dirty bomb .
santos state colombian police find the evidence in 2 computer discover with slain rebel leader raul reyes .
santos state the farc movement be apparently negotiate for radioactive material .
santos state the radioactive material be the primary basis for generate crude weapon of mass destruction and terrorism .
colombian official have already disclose that official find document suggest the rebel have buy and sell uranium .
2008 @-@ 03 @-@ 04
colombia ( co ) ; ecuador ( ec )
technology ; crime ; proliferation ; international
colombia 's vice president francisco santos state to the world disarmament body on march 4 , 2008 that police find computer evidence indicate the revolutionary arm force of colombia have be try to obtain radioactive material for dirty bomb to threaten latin america .
colombia 's vice president francisco santos state to the world disarmament body on march 4 , 2008 that police find computer evidence indicate colombia 's main leftist rebel group call the revolutionary arm force of colombia have be try to obtain radioactive material for dirty bomb to threaten latin america .
francisco santos state that colombian police find the evidence on two computer discover with raul reyes .
the conference on disarmament contain 65 member .
francisco santos state that colombia will readily provide the committee with any information request on the topic of the connection between drug traffic and terrorist group .
colombian security force kill raul reyes on march 1 , 2008 in ecuador .
raul reyes be second in command of the revolutionary arm force of columbia and be the public face of the group as well as the group 's spokesman .
colombia state on march 3 , 2008 that the country find computer document suggest the rebel have buy and sell uranium .
francisco santos state that the development demonstrate that the economic power of drug traffic be enable terrorist group to constitute a serious threat not only to colombia but to the entire andean and latin american region .
uranium be a radioactive material which be the primary basis for generate dirty weapon of mass destruction and terrorism .
francisco santos state that the colombian government be make stride to increase security inside the country and to combat terrorist access to weapon .
francisco santos also state that colombia have manage an unprecedented reduction in all level of violence .
2008 @-@ 03 @-@ 06
colombia ( co )
proliferation ; politics
colombia be worry about rebel plan involve obtain uranium but have no evidence of plot for dirty bomb .
the colombian government be worry about document on the laptop of a slain rebel leader indicate the guerrilla be try to obtain uranium .
colombian vice president francisco santos have tell the 65 @-@ member conference on disarmament on 080304 that the colombian government be alarm because uranium be the primary basis for generate dirty weapon of mass destruction and for terrorism .
santos back off slightly and tell the associate press on 080305 that colombian authority have no evidence or indication that the revolutionary arm force of colombia be seek to use the uranium to build a radioactive dirty bomb .
santos say in a telephone interview from brussels that what santos have mean be to take note and not take it lightly and say that put the farc rebel and the word uranium in the same sentence be alarm .
the fbi have an office in bogota and spokesman richard kolko say in washington that the fbi have no information or intelligence regard the farc attempt to use weapon of mass destruction .
the farc have be fight successive colombian government for more than 4 decade use conventional weapon .
the document address uranium be find in a laptop belong to a top farc commander name raul reyes .
reyes be kill on 080301 in a raid into ecuador that have generate intense international criticism .
the poorly write communication address to reyes be date 080216 and be sign by edgar tovar .
santos say tovar command a farc front near ecuador .
tovar write that a man name belisario in bogota supply tovar with explosive and sent tovar a catalog and specification .
tovar write that belisario propose to sell each kilo at us $ 2.5 million and deliver it and that tovar and reyes would then find a buyer .
tovar write the deal would be with a government and to sell them a sizable amount .
tovar write belisario have 50 kilo ready and could sell a lot more as belisario have direct contact with uranium supplier .
the uranium reference in tovar 's write be quickly cite by colombia 's government while seek to deflect criticism over the raid .
gen. oscar naranjo say at an explosive news conference that the farc mention negotiation for 50 kilo of uranium mean that the farc be take big step in the world of terrorism to become a global aggressor and be not just domestic guerrilla but transnational terrorist .
santos take colombia 's complaint to the european union 's foreign affair representative javier solano on 080305 .
santos tell the ap after meet with solano that the europeans be really worry about the uranium and be not take the issue lightly .
colombian official say they have no other information from the laptop or other source indicate farc interest in radioactive material or unconventional weapon .
it be n't clear what exactly the material tovar be write about might be .
santos say the uranium mention in the communication sound like process uranium .
the price mention suggest that the uranium would be process and hence dangerous .
charles ferguson be a physicist with the council on foreign relation in washington and say that unprocessed uranium be relatively harmless and go for about us $ 100 a kilo .
ferguson express fear if the uranium in question be the highly enrich weapon @-@ grade uranium capable of be use in a low @-@ yield improvise nuclear device .
ferguson be not aware of any highly enrich uranium of appreciable quantity in the region near colombia and venezuela .
2008 @-@ 03 @-@ 18
viet nam ( vn ) ; australia ( au )
narcotic ; crime ; international
an appeal court in vietnam have sentence an australian woman to death for heroin traffic overturn her original sentence of life imprisonment .
the vietnam @-@ born woman apprehend at the ho chi minh city airport state she be hire by an unidentified man to ship the heroin to australia .
on 19 march 2008 a court official state that an appeal court in ho chi minh city , vietnam have sentence an australian woman to death for heroin traffic .
the anonymous court official state that at the 1 @-@ day trial on 18 march 2008 vietnam @-@ born jasmine luong of sydney , australia be convict of traffic 1.4 kilogram ( 3 pound ) of heroin .
the court official cite vietnamese policy for speak under condition of anonymity .
luong be apprehend in february 2007 at the ho chi minh city airport while prepare to board a flight to sydney with heroin conceal in her shoe and luggage .
in december 2007 a lower court sentence luong to life in prison but prosecutor appeal the rule .
the court official state that on 18 march 2008 luong state to judge that she be hire by an unidentified man to ship the heroin to australia in exchange for 15000 u.s. dollar ( 9500 euro ) .
luong state she be give approximately 4700 u.s. dollar ( 2980 euro ) in advance with the balance to be pay in australia .
vietnam have among the world 's strict drug law .
possession , trade or traffic of more than 600 gram ( 1.3 pound ) of heroin or 20 kilogram ( 44 pound ) of opium be punishable by death or life in prison .
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 04
vietnam ( vn )
narcotic ; crime ; international
vietnam 's president nguyen minh triet commute the death sentence for vietnamese @-@ born british citizen le manh luong to life in prison .
luong be sentence to death for involvement in a heroin traffic ring .
the british embassy say in a statement release on 4 april 2008 that vietnam 's president nguyen minh triet commute the death sentence for vietnamese @-@ born british citizen le manh luong to life in prison .
luong and 3 other vietnamese defendant be sentence in 2006 to death for involvement in a drug ring that trafficked 339 kilogram ( 746 pound ) of heroin from laos to hong kong and china via vietnam .
an appeal court in 2007 upheld the death sentence .
the embassy state president triet commute luong 's sentence in march 2008 after several british government appeal to spare luong from the fire squad .
the embassy state the british government be oppose to the death penalty in all circumstance .
it be the government 's policy to make representation at any stage and level deem appropriate when a british national face the death penalty .
vietnam 's drug law be among the world 's strict law .
possession , trade or traffic more than 600 gram ( 1.3 pound ) of heroin or 20 kilogram ( 44 pound ) of opium be punishable by death .
vietnam 's government sentence approximately 100 people to death by fire squad each year .
most death sentence be for drug @-@ related offenses .
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 09
bulgaria ( bg )
international ; money ; terrorism ; crime ; narcotic
a parliamentary commission report say on april 9 , 2008 that money from drug traffic in bulgaria have be use to fund terrorist group .
a parliamentary commission report state on april 9 , 2008 that money from drug traffic in bulgaria have be use to fund terrorist group .
the report say bulgarian crime group engage in traffic and drug sometimes work together with arab citizen link to terrorist organization .
the associate press obtain a copy of the document .
the report say that part of the profit from traffic in drug such as amphetamine have be use to finance terrorist organization like hezbollah , islamic jihad , and christian militia in lebanon .
the u.s. state department say in its 2008 international narcotic control strategy report that bulgaria continue to be a source of drug production .
part of that be be smuggle into turkey and the middle east .
the parliamentary report be issue amid revelation of illegal link between senior police officer and criminal .
the document say the amount of illegal drug seize by authority decline after classify police information have be leak to criminal .
the leak prompt the arrest of senior police and a motion of no @-@ confidence from opposition party .
the document be based on figure from the national security agency .
the motion will be vote on april 11 , 2008 .
bulgaria 's government have be repeatedly criticize by the european union over its inability to tackle rampant corruption and organize crime .
bulgaria 's government be a socialist @-@ lead coalition .
bulgaria be a balkan country of 7.7 million people and lie on a major drug traffic route link western europe , the middle east and southwestern asia .
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 15
egypt ( eg )
military ; dissent ; crime ; money ; terrorism ; human right
25 member of the muslim brotherhood be convict and sentence to jail time while 15 member be acquit .
the charge against member of the muslim brotherhood include money launder and terrorism .
a security official state that on 15 april 2008 an egyptian military court know for severe verdict convict 25 key member of the opposition muslim brotherhood with sentence up to 10 year in jail .
the security official attend the trial at the court north of cairo but spoke on condition of anonymity because the official be not authorize to speak to the media .
the official state the charge against member of egypt 's largest opposition group include money launder and terrorism but it be not immediately clear if the 25 be find guilty of both offenses .
the official state that 15 other defendant be acquit .
among the acquitted be businessman abdel @-@ rahman saudi who run a supermarket chain in egypt and a journalist .
authority create a security ring around the courthouse with 100 s of policemen create checkpoint on the road lead to the court before the verdict announcement .
police search vehicle and drive away reporter and family member of the defendant .
a security official state that approximately 20 people include relative and reporter be detain .
defense lawyer abdel @-@ moneim abdel @-@ maksoud state the judge enter the courtroom and issue the rule but then leave without notify the opposition group 's defense lawyer who stood outside the courthouse after be prevent by policemen from enter the courtroom .
the 25 sentence include the brotherhood 's chief strategist khayrat el @-@ shater and the brotherhood 's prominent financier and businessman hassan malek .
el @-@ shater join the brotherhood in 1974 and have be jail 4 time for a total of 7 year on charge relate to membership in the brotherhood which be outlaw before 1958 .
malek own a chain of furniture store and textile factory and be know as 1 of the brotherhood 's main financier .
el @-@ shater and malek each receive 7 @-@ year sentence .
el @-@ shater and malek 's property be confiscate and be believe to be worth million of dollar .
abdel @-@ maksoud state the confiscation will affect the brotherhood 's financial base .
abdel @-@ maksoud state that a recent amendment to the egyptian judicial system allow defendant to appeal within 60 day .
the 25 people sentence have be in custody since december 2006 .
the arrest be believe to have be spark by a militia @-@ style demonstration by student brotherhood member from the al @-@ azhar university in cairo .
the demonstrator wear black and mask similar to those of the militant palestinian hamas and lebanon 's hezbollah group .
the demonstration prompt a government investigation into whether the brotherhood have resurrect a military wing .
the brotherhood figure be referred to a military court after the arrest .
the referral be authorize under emergency law in effect since 1981 that allow the president to refer civilian to military tribunal .
brotherhood member have since be routinely try before military court but the trial in 2007 @-@ 2008 be the largest in year .
the verdict in the yearlong trial occur amid a government crackdown on the brotherhood and unrest in egypt over rise food price and stagnant wage .
more than 800 brotherhood member have be detain in 2008 in an effort to decrease influence as president hosni mubarak enter the 27 th year in power .
100 s of brotherhood member and supporter have be detain in security sweep since october 2006 .
the 40 senior figure on trial be detain as part of the sweep .
7 senior figure be try in absentia and be believe to be outside the country .
some of the 7 's whereabouts be unknown .
5 of the absent senior figure receive 10 @-@ year prison term include swiss @-@ based egyptian @-@ born businessman youssef m. nada whose company have be list by the unite state since 2001 as an organization accuse of help fund terrorism .
london @-@ based human right group amnesty international call the sentence on 15 april 2008 a perversion of justice and demand the men be release and retried in a civilian court .
amnesty international say in a statement that the sentence leave little doubt that the egyptian authority be determine to undermine what have become the main opposition group in egypt .
amnesty international state try civilian before military court flout international standard of fair trial and be inherently unjust .
the muslim brotherhood 's supreme leader mohammed mahdi akef denounce the verdict and state that egyptian authority be corrupt gangster .
akef state to the associate press that there be no evidence against the convict and that acquittal for the convict be expect .
akef state in a telephone interview that gang not politician rule egypt .
akef would not discuss the brotherhood 's future plan .
the brotherhood win 88 of parliament 's 454 seat in the 2005 election with brotherhood candidate run as independent .
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 17
south africa ( za ) ; zimbabwe ( zw ) ; china ( cn )
international ; weapon ; government ; proliferation ; leader
south african government official will not intervene to disallow chinese arm shipment to zimbabwe despite volatile political situation follow contest presidential election .
south african official approve transit of the arm shipment to zimbabwe state it cannot act unilaterally to prevent a trade deal between 2 country .
on 17 april 2008 a south african government spokesman state that south africa will not intervene to stop a shipment of chinese @-@ make weapon from reach zimbabwe despite the acute instability of the political situation in zimbabwe .
south african government spokesman themba maseko state that the zimbabwean government 's failure to release election result 2 week after election be cause for great concern and that the dire situation require mediation .
maseko 's comment be the strongest issue on the subject by the south african government to date .
south african president thabo mbeki be the main mediator in zimbabwe .
mbeki have state that there be no crisis in zimbabwe despite the increase violence and intimidation since the 29 march 2008 vote and the refusal of zimbabwe 's election commission to release result that independent observer and the opposition state show president robert mugabe lose the vote .
critic call the south african reaction appeasement .
criticism increase on 17 april 2008 follow a report that south african mediator sydney mufamadi lead an arm control committee meet that approve transit of a shipment of chinese weapon across south african territory en route to zimbabwe .
the chinese ship call an yue jiang dock in durban harbor in south africa after receive approval from port authority late on 16 april 2008 .
the beeld newspaper state the ship be carry approximately 3 million round of ammunition for small arm and ak @-@ 47s , approximately 3500 mortar and mortar launchers and 1500 rocket for rocket @-@ propel grenade .
the newspaper state it obtain a copy of the ship 's cargo documentation finalize 3 day after zimbabwe 's election on 01 april 2008 .
a south african government official speak on condition of anonymity confirm the presence of weapon on the ship but give no further detail .
durban port authority and police explosive inspector could not immediately be reach for comment .
government spokesman maseko state that if administrative paper be in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapon from be transport through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country .
after a cabinet meet maseko state to reporter --
the government of south africa cannot act unilaterally to prevent a trade deal between 2 country .
south africa be not involve in the arrangement .
it would be possible but very difficult for south africa to intervene and to disallow the shipment .
there be presently no trade embargo against zimbabwe .
china be one of zimbabwe 's main trade partner and ally .
a group represent mainly white south africans call afriforum state it would organize protest along the route to zimbabwe .
afriforum 's kallie kriel state that the national conventional arm control committee have grant approval for the transit of the weapon on 14 april 2008 .
kriel state he have write to committee chairman and local government minister sydney mufamadi ask him to retract the permission .
kriel state that the south african government 's approval for the transport of the arm across south african territory effectively mean that the government be replace its ineffective policy of silent diplomacy with a more catastrophic policy of complicity with the state violence and human right violation commit by the zimbabwean government against its own citizen .
the south african opposition democratic alliance agree with kriel 's comment .
mufamadi also head the south african mediate team between zimbabwe 's rule zanu @-@ pf party and the opposition movement for democratic change .
mufamadi 's office referred reporter to the arm control committee whose spokesman do not immediately return phone call .
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 17
south africa ( za ) ; zimbabwe ( zw )
international ; weapon ; proliferation ; government ; politics
the south african government state on april 4 , 2008 that the south african government will probably not stop the arm shipment head to zimbabwe .
this decision be controversial because zimbabwe be currently politically unstable .
a south african government spokesman state on april 4 , 2008 that south africa will not intervene to stop a shipment of chinese @-@ make weapon from reach zimbabwe even though the political situation in zimbabwe be dire .
the shipment be in a ship call the an yue hiang which be anchor outside durban harbor after receive permission late on april 16 , 2008 to dock .
the shipment contain nearly 3 million round of ammunition for small arm and ak @-@ 47s , about 3500 mortar and mortar launchers and 1500 rocket for rocket @-@ propel grenade .
this report come from the beeld newspaper which claim to have a copy of the ship 's cargo documentation finalize on april 1 , 2008 which be 3 day after zimbabwe 's election .
an anonymous government official confirm that the shipment contain weapon but give no further detail .
durban port authority and police explosive inspector could not be reach for comment .
the south african revenue service say custom official be bind by confidentiality rule and could not give detail of the content of the cargo .
spokesman themba maseko state as long as administrative paper be in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapon be transport through south african territory to zimbabwe .
defense secretary january masilela confirm to south african radio that the national conventional arm control committee grant approval for the transit of the weapon .
january masilela state that if the buyer be the zimbabwean sovereign government and the seller be the chinese sovereign government , south africa have nothing to do with the transaction because south africa work accord to established international convention which allow the nation no jurisdiction over goods in transit .
sydney mufamadi be the government official who approve the transit and he be the same official who head the team mediate in the zimbabwe crisis .
themba maseko state that the situation in zimbabwe be dire because election be hold and result be not release 2 week after .
this be the strongest comment on zimbabwe so far by the south african government .
on april 17 , 2008 zimbabwean opposition leader morgan tsvangirai call on south africa and president thabo mbeki to step aside as mediator for zimbabwe in favor of zambia 's president , who have take a tough stance toward mugabe .
afriforum criticize the decision to approve the arm shipment .
afriforum be a lobby group represent mainly white south africans .
afriforum state that the group would organize protest along the route to zimbabwe .
kallie kriel of afriforum state that the south african government 's approval for the transport of the arm across south african territory will in effect mean that the government be replace an ineffective policy of silent diplomacy with an even more catastrophic policy of complicity to the state violence and human right violation commit by the zimbabwean government against zimbabwean citizen .
the south african revenue service state that the ship would be subject to standard inspection procedure and the cargo would not be release until ithe cargo be prove to be compliant to custom formality .
the approval process can be lengthy .
zimbabwe be a landlocked country neighboring zimbabwe ,
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 25
europe
international ; weapon ; terrorism ; crime ; politics ; proliferation
the unite nation security council pass a resolution on april 25 , 2008 that will keep weapon of mass destruction out of the hand of terrorist .
the unite nation security council be urge increase effort to keep weapon of mass destruction out of the hand of terrorist and black marketeer .
a resolution adopt unanimously by the unite nation council on april 25 , 2008 call on all state to fully implement a 2004 resolution that close a loophole in global effort to prevent the proliferation of nuclear , chemical and biological weapon .
the resolution require all 192 unite nation member state to adopt law to prevent terrorist , black marketeer and other non @-@ state actor from manufacture , acquire or traffic in nuclear , biological or chemical weapon or the material to make them .
the resolution note that some unnamed country have not file a report on effort to implement the resolution that be due in october 2004 .
2008 @-@ 04 @-@ 25
unite state ( us ) ; south africa ( za ) ; syrian arab republic ( sy ) ; korea , democratic people 's republic of ( kp ) ; libyan arab jamahiriya ( ly ) ; iran ( ir ) ; pakistan ( pk )
weapon ; terrorism ; international ; politics ; proliferation
the unite nation security council unanimously approve a resolution urge increase effort to keep weapon of mass destruction out of the hand of terrorist and black marketeer .
on 080425 the unite nation security council unanimously approve a resolution urge increase effort to keep weapon of mass destruction out of the hand of terrorist and black marketeer .
the security council resolution call on all state to fully implement a security council resolution adopt in 040400 require all 192 unite nation member state to adopt law to prevent non @-@ state actor from acquire nuclear , chemical or biological weapon .
the security council resolution note that some unnamed country have not file a report on the member nation effort to adopt these law .
the report be due to the unite nation in 041000 .
the 080425 security council resolution stress the need to enhance the coordination of national , regional and international effort to strengthen a global response to the serious challenge of keep weapon from terrorist and the threat to international security .
the 040400 security council resolution be adopt to close a loophole in global effort to prevent the proliferation of weapon of mass destruction .
international treaty targeted weapon proliferation by government until resolution 1540 be adopt in 040000 there be no legal instrument to prevent terrorist , criminal scientist , black marketeer and other non @-@ state actor from obtain weapon of mass destruction .
resolution 1540 be introduce as the international atomic energy agency be investigate a vast black market in nuclear equipment and technology .
the black market investigation be encourage by pakistan 's admission in 040200 that pakistan 's lead nuclear scientist have pass technology to iran , libya and north korea .
pakistan 's lead nuclear scientist , be abdul qadeer khan .
resolution 1540 require all country to adopt law to prevent non @-@ state actor from manufacture , acquire or traffic in nuclear , biological or chemical weapon , the material to make them , and the missile and other system to deliver them .
resolution 1540 require all country to take measure to account for and secure these weapon , missile and other weapon material .
resolution 1540 also demand that country develop border control and step up law enforcement effort to detect , deter , prevent and combat the illicit traffic and brokering of weapon of mass destruction .
all country be require to submit a report within 6 month to a security council committee monitor implementation of esolution 1540 .
the resolution adopt on 080425 extend the resolution 1540 committee 's mandate until 110425 and again call upon all state that have not yet present a first report on step the state have take or intend to take to implement resolution 1540 to submit such a report to the 1540 committee without delay .
the 080425 resolution emphasize the importance for all state to fully implement resolution 1540 .
the 080425 resolution also call on the resolution 1540 committee to continue to intensify its effort to promote the full implementation by all state by reach out to country , facilitate technical assistance , and promote share experience and lesson learn .
the security council state that not all state have present to the resolution 1540 committee the state 's national report on implementation of resolution 1540 and that the full implementation of resolution 1540 by all state be a long @-@ term task that will require continuous effort at national , regional and international level .
the security council state that full implementation of resolution 1540 by all state include the adoption of national law and measure to ensure implementation of the resolution 1540 inspire national law .
dumisani kumalo state that many develop country find the report requirement for resolution 1540 and other resolution onerous when they be try to provide food , health care and job for the people of develop country .
dumisani kumalo be the current security council president and south africa 's unite nation ambassador .
dumisani kumalo state that one of the thing that south africa be happy about be that country must cooperate in deal with the network that may be spread illict nuclear and other weapon .
the 080425 resolution be approve on the day that mohamed elbaradei angrily criticize israel for bomb an alleged syrian nuclear facility , chastise the unite state for withhold information on the alleged syrian nuclear facility , and state that the international atomic energy agency would investigate the allegation of the syrian nuclear facility .
mohamed elbaradei be the international atomic energy agency chief .
2008 @-@ 05 @-@ 08
china ( cn )
international ; weapon ; technology ; government ; proliferation
a lead arm expert state that china 's improve nuclear arsenal raise question about the chinese government 's future arm control effort .
the expert praise beijing official for decrease sale of weapon abroad .
a lead arm expert state on 8 may 2008 that chinese government be make dramatic improvement to china 's nuclear arsenal which raise question for future arm control effort .
director of the stockholm international peace research institute bate gill spoke at a panel for journalist while on a visit to beijing to promote an annual report on the global arm industry .
gill state --
recent upgrade have increase the accuracy and mobility of china 's arsenal while a switch from liquid to solid fuel have shorten reaction time .
china stand out due to the effort to modernize , expand and improve nuclear weapon capability .
among the 5 nuclear power china be make the most dramatic improvement in nuclear force which raise arm control question .
the chinese government state china will never be the first to use nuclear weapon in a conflict and china 's arsenal , estimate at just over 100 nuclear @-@ arm missile , be the smallest of the 5 main nuclear weapon power .
chinese official sign the nuclear nonproliferation treaty in 1992 and gill state the recent step be aim mainly at reduce the vulnerability of china 's deterrent force .
gill state that improvement in china 's conventional military be even more dramatic after more than 10 year of double @-@ digit percentage increase in annual defense spend .
gill state the large increase in the military capability of china be targeted mostly at taiwan but have the possibility go forward with force projection elsewhere .
taiwan be a self @-@ govern island that china claim be part of china 's territory and have threaten to invade .
gill state that the increase in military capability complicate the issue of china as a player in the arm control agenda and that the chinese government would need to be engage in future effort to cap or reduce number of nuclear weapon .
gill praise beijing official for decrease sale of weapon and military technology abroad which gill believe be largely do out of a desire to be view as a more responsible player in international society .
accord to the stockholm international peace research institute china have only a 2 percent share of the global arm export trade .
gill state that the shift in the way the chinese government view the problem of nonproliferation be very positive .
gill state that authority need to strengthen regulation to prevent weapon from enter conflict zone , particularly in africa where chinese arm be use by both government and rebel force in sudan 's darfur region .
retire people 's liberation army colonel teng jianqun spoke alongside gill on the panel and state that china have substantial restriction on weapon sale abroad .
teng concede that some dealer violate the rule and be beyond the government 's direct control .
teng state that further step be be take to boost awareness of the rule , partly through course for government and defense industry leader run by the foreign ministry @-@ sponsor china arm control and disarmament association of which teng be deputy secretary @-@ general .
teng state a belief that the chinese have be put more effort into export control .
2008 @-@ 05 @-@ 13
japan ( jp )
space ; politics ; military ; technology
japan 's lower house approve bill allow use of space programs in national defense .
the legislation be the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space .
on 13 may 2008 japan 's powerful low house of parliament vote to allow japan 's space programs to be utilize for national defense .
the legislation be the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically know as a self @-@ defense force .
the legislation be expect to be approve by the upper house .
the legislation be primarily aim at permit military use of japan 's civilian @-@ control spy satellite network for defense as define by the pacifist constitution .
the bill state that space development have become increasingly important .
the bill state that space programs must contribute to ensure peace and safety of international society as well as the national security of japan .
the bill do not specify how the programs will be utilize but the satellite network and other asset could potentially be use for surveillance , plan and for a missile defense shield japan be construct with the unite state .
the bill would overturn a ban on the military use of space impose on japan 's nascent space program in 1969 .
the u.s. @-@ draft 1947 constitution prohibit japan from offensive warfare .
the legislation stipulate that all member of the cabinet and not just education , science and technology minister will be responsible for japan 's future space project .
inclusion of the defense minister in decision on space programs introduce the possibility for the military to possess and develop spy satellite .
the legislation would establish a special space task force lead by the prime minister and create the new post of space development minister .
japan 's defense agency be upgrade to ministry status in 2007 .
japanese troop be dispatch to a combat zone for the first time since world war ii in 2004 .
the mission in iraq be strictly humanitarian .
support .
both the rule coalition and the largest opposition party support the bill .
the nation 's largest newspaper yomiuri approve of the bill and urge its quick enactment .
in a weekend editorial the newspaper yomiuri state that it be logical to use space development for national security and necessary to counter the threat of north korea 's missile program .
opposition .
some pacifist lawmakers from the communist and social democratic party boycott the vote on 13 may 2008 state that the bill contradict the principle of a civilian @-@ control space program .
the leave @-@ lean newspaper asahi raise concern that the legislation could escalate friction with neighboring country .
2008 @-@ 05 @-@ 14
estonia ( ee ) ; latvia ( lv ) ; lithuania ( lt ) ; germany ( de ) ; italy ( it ) ; spain ( es ) ; slovakia ( sk ) ; russian federation ( ru ) ; unite state ( us )
international ; government ; telecom ; technology ; science
7 nato ally to sign agreement to create a cyber defense research center in estonia .
expert from nato member state will be recruit to conduct research and train on cyber warfare and will be prepare to assist ally with response to the grow threat of cyber attack .
7 nato ally be prepare to sign a deal on 14 may 2008 to create a research center in tallinn , estonia to improve the nato alliance 's defenses against cyber attack .
cyber attack be consider a grow threat to military and civilian computer network .
in 2007 estonia experience an unprecedented number of cyber attack that disable government and corporate computer network .
the attack occur after a dispute between the government of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial .
many estonians suspect the russian government be responsible for the cyber attack but the government of russia deny involvement .
defense chief from estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , italy , spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and fund for the center .
the unite state will join the project as an observer and other nato nation may join later .
sign of the agreement be a peripheral issue of the meet of chief of defense staff from the 26 ally country of nato .
the meet be expect to focus on nato mission in afghanistan and kosovo .
the general will also discuss cooperation with balkan and former soviet nation include russia and ukraine .
the cyber defense center will be operational in august 2008 with the formal open plan for 2009 .
a staff of 30 specialist will conduct research and train on cyber warfare and will be prepare to assist nato member with response to any future cyber attack .
head of the center major raul rikk state to the associate press in tallinn --
the attack against estonia last year be cyber terrorism .
the mission of the center be to create new capability to fight new threat .
expert will be recruit from various nato member state and from various sector include information technology , science , military and finance .
estonia be 1 of europe 's most internet @-@ savvy nation .
estonia propose creation of the center in 2003 but it be not until after the cyber attack of 2007 that nato leader be convince it be need .
ebay announce today it will acquire ticket website stubhub for 310 million us dollar
esnail
accord to the international report on january 11 , ebay announce that it will acquire online ticket website stubhub for 310 million us dollar in cash to further expand its influence on electronic commerce .
the acquisition be expect to be complete before april .
more than six year ago , jeff fluhr and stanford school of business graduate eric baker found stubhub with fluhr as its chief executive officer .
fluhr say in a statement : " stubhub 's business model be an excellent fit with ebay , and we have admire ebay for a long time . "
over the past two year , as investor be concern about the slowdown in ebay 's online auction business , its poor management , slow business expansion , and other factor , its market value have be dwindle .
in succession ebay acquire internet phone service skype and online price - comparison company shopping.com .
stubhub mainly operate ticket brokerage to major event .
in 2006 its ticket sale be 400 million us dollar with annual profit reach 100 million us dollar .
ticket seller sell ticket on this website must pay a 15 percent fee , while buyer also have to pay a 10 percent commission to stubhub .
as of now , five million ticket have be sell on the stubhub website .
many discovery be make by chance .
michael zhou
i remember my first year study at qinghua , i go to my first elective course call " inspiration in the history of physic . "
there be only ten or so of us who have choose it that semester .
the teacher be very erudite , his lecture be very lively ; he summarize all of the recent and contemporary history of physic , and each time i be enthral .
in all my five year at the university , i never have another course that interesting .
if i be to summarize this course , it would be : the greatest discovery in physic all have their own necessity and theoretical basis ( for example , the development of mathematics ) .
this theory can also be apply to cook .
one day i want to make green bean and bean curd sheet ( dry tofu in the northeast ) .
here the dry tofu sell in the store be all compress , very tough .
so i normally steep it in hot water , then take it out and stir - fry it .
because that day i need to go out in the middle of it and buy some thing , i set the timer and tell my wife to turn off the heat when it be do .
my wife be very lazy , and when the timer sound , she turn off the heat and leave the pot sit on the stove .
when i come back and look , the dried tofu be white and soft , just like freshly make .
chalk another good one up to the wife .
guo kai 's economic note : your uncle be just your uncle .
guo kai 's economic note
this morning i go to the supermarket with dad , and when it come time to check out i discover something that everybody probably know : not everybody buy the same thing .
of course this be a no - brainer , but this be actually a major problem face by me and many other people whenever we discuss economic issue or economic phenomena .
most of the time , economic policy and economic theory be not aim at individual .
in term of probability , if you explain the behavior of a specific individual , for example your uncle , use any economic theory , the probability that it will be accurate be virtually 0 .
in fact , in the great majority of case the economic theory be aim at an entire group , or a subgroup .
in term of average , accuracy be the goal of many economic theory ( here i 'm be inaccurate ; i hope the expert will not take it too literally , especially those with io expertise ) .
but with regard to an ordinary person , he may never see the whole group , he see only his co @-@ worker , his relative and his friend , the group of people familiar to him ; add up all the people in this group and they may number 200 , and that be already a lot of people .
below i be go to refer to these 200 people collectively as " his uncle . "
so whenever you discuss an economic theory with someone , the response of a perfectly ordinary person would be : my uncle be n't like that , so this theory be baloney .
in other word , everybody tend to mistake the part for the whole .
here , mistake the part for the whole be not derogatory ; it be a limitation of the human race itself ; you have it and i have it .
if americans have learn not to mistake the part for the whole , they might not have make such a mess of the world .
i believe that they make such a complete mess of the middle east to a very large extent because they apply their own common sense to understand the middle east , which be a completely different place from the unite state .
on this issue , china do not have much basis for be self - congratulatory ; china 's rapid rise have even cause some people to have a sort of misconception - that whatever china do be right - and this be in fact a manifestation of narrow - mindedness .
therefore i believe it be extremely important to recognize that one 's own knowledge have limitation .
we need to maintain a sufficiently open attitude toward thing that do n't correspond to our common sense .
so just because every time your uncle go to the supermarket he buy hog head meat do n't mean that we should immediately assume that any theory that do not predict people go to the supermarket will buy hog head meat be wrong .
when you feel other people be talk baloney , and what other people say do not correspond to your " common sense , " you should at the same time recognize that your uncle be only your uncle , he be not the whole world .
well , gasoline in richmond have have hit $ 3.00 a gallon , or just shy of it ,
and i spend $ 48 fill up the gas tank of my jeep --
the most i 've ever pay for in my life .
i 'm not happy about it ,
but i do n't see high gas price as a reason to start foam at the mouth and chew on the carpet .
others feel less constrain .
the hysteria over rise gas price have reach a fever pitch .
the economic ignorance of the sound bite and commentary i 've see on national television know no bound .
demagogue be call for self - destructive tax on oil company profit , oblivious to the reality that , in a capitalist society , profit be a critical signal that guide the flow of capital .
( 1 ) if you confiscate exxon mobil 's profit , you reduce the capital available to the world 's largest oil company to invest in more exploratory drill , new oil well , new pipeline , new refinery , etc.
( 2 ) if you tax oil industry profit , you also reduce the incentive for owner of outside capital to invest in new capacity .
why bother if the profit will be tax away ?
here in virginia , a semblance of sanity still reign .
gov. timothy m. kaine have not yet propose anything as breath - takingly stupid as the proposal emanating from washington , d.c. .
the governor have say he will investigate report of `` price gouge , '' which , give the fact that the the concept of `` price gouge '' be meaningless and impossible to define , mean he will , for all practical purpose , do nothing ....
which be exactly what he should do .
nothing .
virginians and americans will adapt to higher gas price if government do not interfere .
( the governor also be consider apply for a waiver of federal regulation require cleaner gasoline be sell in virginia 's major metro area , but have not yet make a determination .
see the time - dispatch report .
unfortunately , he 's stick to his gun on try to raise $ 1 billion for transportation project without raise gasoline tax -- a topic for another post .
as i have be hammer away relentlessly on this blog ( see `` a world with one billion car '' ) , the world economy be move from a 20 - year era of cheap petroleum to a plateau of more expensive petroleum .
this shift be drive by the combination of ( a ) escalate world consumption of petroleum , especially in rapidly develop economy like china and india , and ( b ) the peak of global oil production capacity , the increase expense of exploit the remote and isolate oil reserve that remain , and terrorist / political instability in oil - produce country .
this be not the oil company ' fault .
this be not dick cheney 's fault .
this be not the auto industry ' fault .
it be not the environmentalist ' fault .
it 's the reality of geology and geopolitics .
the american public can adapt to the new global reality by change their energy - intensive lifestyles ,
and politician can help them by speak honestly and forthrightly about why the price of gasoline be increase , instead of demagoguing the issue for short - term political gain .
here in virginia , the general assembly have be examine what virginia can do to increase energy production .
that be ok , as far as it go .
but there be nothing that virginia can do to increase the global supply of oil , and probably little it can do to increase the petroleum refine capacity need to convert oil to gasoline .
what the political and business leadership of virginia have so far fail utterly to do be admit that virginia be acutely vulnerable to oil price shock .
virginians consume more gasoline per capita than the national average , in part because our transportation policy be gear toward matching every increase in automobile travel with an increase in transportation capacity with no thought of modulate travel demand .
but reality be a stubborn thing .
with each increase in the price of gasoline , the bankruptcy of the old order become increasingly evident .
let us hope that gov. kaine , who pride himself on straight talk , begin leveling with the people of virginia .
jim - you be right on the money about how capitalism work ,
so why not try to make capitalism really work for virginia .
the future in transportation belong to the nation , company or person who develop the alternative to gasoline power automobile .
why not do everything we can to assure that future arise from virginia ?
rather than drill for oil and gas off the atlantic coast , we should be offer enormous incentive for comapnies and individual who want to work on alternative fuel solution to locate their business here .
you can encourage r&d on alternative fuel with grant and tax break .
and , you can work to increase supply .
the one and only oil refinery in the commonwealth be nearby in yorktown .
they could double their capacity without leave the premise .
why have n't the company apply to do builf new facility on site ?
by all mean explore for oil and gas in the atlantic .
jim : speak seriously here , many family ( include my own ) have already cut back in every way possible .
what then ?
my office , home and children 's school be all within a 6 mile radius .
vacation be already a thing of the past .
we 've cut back on grocery .
i 'd trade the car on a hybrid ,
but it 's pay for
and who can afford a car payment what with mortgage rate be what they be and three kid ...
so , i ask seriously , what be average hard - work family to do ?
andrea : how about a couple of hundred dollar ?
if the ga repeal the unnecessary sale tax from last year , then the average citizen would pick up some cash .
or , the ga could actually cut the sale tax
and you would keep some more of your money .
check out how much the republican senator want you to pay in other , new tax too - to register your car , etc.
jim : i like the graphic ,
it take two arm and two leg to fill up our tank .
the only answer to cut the cost of mobility and access be settlement pattern that require less vehicle travel and support more effecient share - vehicle when one must resort to any vehicle .
that be what an understand of jane jacobs suggest 40 year ago ( not just in `` life and death ... but also `` the economy of ' city ' . ''
let us , honor ms. jacobs 's memory with an understand of the need for fundamental change .
emr
jab - got ta love it .
yup , a couple of hundred dollar be go to save the day !
jane jacobs know the difference between a community and a construction plan .
was n't one of her main argument that you can not plan everything , and you should allow community to be what they be and what they become ?
did n't she fight robert moses because he think he have too much control over other people ' life ?
somehow i doubt she would have get on board with fundamental change if it involve massive central and regional plan .
andrea , one option may be telecommuting a couple of day a week .
other than that , here 's the hard truth :
there 's not much that average , hard - work family can do in the short run to cope with higher gas price except hope that their paychecks keep pace with inflation .
what you should not do be support demagogic political ploy that make problem worse , not better .
in the long run , you can support more pedestrian friendly , transit - friendly development pattern that give you and your family more transportation option .
you should support development pattern that allow compatible use ( house , small office building , small retail shop ) to be locate close to each rather than scatter all over .
how much money could you save if you could get by with only one car instead of two ?
what would it mean if you live in a place where your children could walk to school ?
think outside the box .
kingfish , i 'm all in favor of alternate fuel .
convert biomass to ethanol seem to be one that be self - sustain economically without massive incentive .
i 'd favor government - sponsor research to devise technology that would make ethanol more competitive ,
but i do n't like the idea of subsidize specific business enterprise .
once you give them a subsidy , they never let go , no matter how much the world change around them .
witness the mohair subsidy put into place during world war ii .
i tend to agree with jim that market function best , so long as no one have a finger on the scale .
many believe that zone price , which be generally use by oil company , be inconsistent with our antitrust law ( section 13 of the robinson - patman act ) .
others disagree .
do zone price constitute a finger on the scale ?
if so , should the ga outlaw zone price ?
toomanytaxes : zone price be the mechanism the oil company use to make sure that we pay the same price as people in state with higher gas tax .
only , we pay the extra few cent per gallon to them rather than into our state transportation account .
consider the wide variety in local and state fuel tax the near uniformity of the pump price across state line be ... curious .
i be recently on the webpage for the energy information agency
and their cost of fuel adjust for inflation chart demonstates that we have be at $ 3 per gallon measure in 2005 dollar before .
it be about the historic peak in real price ,
but it be hardly unprecedented , and not worth quite the hype or hysteria it be generate .
it be hard to imagine a company or a family that can not improve its efficiency and reduce consumption ,
and that be not a bad outcome at all .
like you , jim , i see the bright silver line .
i seem to be get more question whenever i pull up in my hybrid .
one data point .
2 @:@ 53 why be gas price often significantly different for the same brand between prince william and fairfax county and even at different location within the same county ?
zone price be try to do much more than reflect different tax rate .
take a look at the following link : http : //www.gasbuddy.com/gb_gastemperaturemap.aspx
assume the general accuracy of the data underlie the map ,
difference in do not explain zone price .
look at arizona , for example .
there be much higher transportation cost in and around the grand canyon and much more competition in the phoenix market .
yet , phoenix price tend to be signficantly higher .
ditto for tax .
from what i quickly find on the internet , total fuel tax for the follow four state be va ( 37.7 cent ) ; utah ( 42.5 cent ) ; nc ( 45.6 cent ) and montana ( 46.2 cent ) .
however , both montana and utah have average price that be significantly lower than either va or nc .
there 's probably less relationship to cost and zone price than the oil company want the public to believe .
i have a conversation with a friend the other day who own an suv
and he be n't worry about the price of gas because he travel less than 10 mile a day ..
yes ..
it 'll cost more ...
so he 'll have to cut back on his gourmet coffee ... two cup rather than three . :-)
seriously - it 's about how far folk choose to drive and how folk define phrase like `` i must and have no choice '' .
it take a hard knock for folk to take a hard look at thing they always assume could not change .
i predict ... lot of folk will be take harder look at whether or not choice be choice or no choice '' be truly no choice .
i know it happen during the gas crisis ...
and as bad as it be now - this be not as bad as then - though if $ 3 a gallon be in the rear view mirror and $ 4 a gallon on the horizon and come fast ... we might think so ...
.. but i would bet that folk would choose ( there 's that word again ) $ 4 or even $ 5 a gallon rather than wait in line for 3 hour only to find out the guy in front of you get the last tankful .
america 's love affair with the automobile be about to be revisted though i doubt seriously a divorce be anywhere near ... :-)
sorry .. my attitude be grin and bear it ...
it 's sort of like coffee double in price ...
my property accessment go up 300 % ( which it do ) ...
... and today .. i pay $ 68 buck to fill up my 89 ford van .
i get ta talk to ray hyde about that hybrid .... he 's get ..
he say if he have to choose .. he 'd keep his truck ... :-)
did i really say that ?
that would be a tough `` choice '' .
with the truck i 'd have some chance of make money ,
but i 'd hate to have to drive it if it be n't work .
if you have to drive , the hybrid be a joy .
dead silent , dirt cheap , reliable , little bit of capital cost detriment , sufficient power .
48 mpg if you drive at 75+ like a maniac .
i remember people sniff at it , say they would n't do it because the payback on capital be n't there .
i drone on about cost and benefit , but a ) that 's not everything , and b ) sometimes circumstance change .
i 'm go to have to send a letter to the guv'nor .
i have a bunch of vehicle and only use the appropriate one for the task at hand .
i need a portable license plate and insurance , otherwise the current `` tax '' plan be go to kill me .
i sure hope that those of you who think save open space and farm will chip in and help out on this :
send a letter .
i do n't mind pay what it cost to drive or pay what i owe ,
but this be go to be whack .
i suspect that overhead cost might have something to do with fuel price .
that gas station in fairfax be sit on expensive land and pay high tax .
business be `` tax positive '' do n't cha know .
if people really do start make different choice , it 's go to be fun to watch real estate price .
btw 13 % more new home sale last year , in spite of higher rate ,
but price be down 5k .
time to demand another reassessment .
ray hyde : tax be indeed business overhead that affect retail price .
but i still suggest that zone price have more to do with computer software and data - mine than actual cost .
post by <$blogbacklinkauthor $> @ <$blogbacklinkdatetime $>
if you 're arlington county , you create a new vision for the boxy building and subterranean passageway in crystal city that will be empty by the federal base realignment and closure commission .
in place of the sterile monoculture that now characterize the office complex near the pentagon , member of an advisory task force see a more lively street - level scene with a greater mix of shop , restaurant and office .
write wapo reporter annie gowen :
[ board of supervisor chairman chris ] zimmerman and others speak yesterday say that the vounty see the empty space as an opportunity to `` reimagine '' and `` brand '' crystal city as an attractive destination .
though close to reagan national airport and dense with hotel , the area have long be see as a gloomy 1960 s era enclave of office connect by underground passage .
but part of crystal city have lately see a rebirth , thank to an influx of trendy cafe and a new streetscape ....
charles e. smith commercial realty , which own 7.4 million of the 11 million square feet of office space in the neighborhood , have spend $ 40 million on improvement to enliven the street and attract new business .
it turn crystal drive into a two - way main street and have recruit new shop and chic restaurant such as jaleo and mccormick & schmick 's .
read between the line of gowen 's story , however , there seem to be one big miss piece :
house .
create a livelier commercial district be a worthy goal .
but create a balanced community with a mix of house , office , shop and other amenity -- allow people to live close to where they work and play -- be an even more worthy goal .
as ed risse have point out , the relocation of 17,000 job create a rare opportunity to create a genuine balance community in northern virginia .
the problem , i surmise -- it 's not discuss in the story -- be that arlington be concern about protect its tax base , which mean replace the vacated office with new office , not house .
it 's hard to fault arlington for pursue its short - term self interest .
but everyone need to recognize that arlington 's decision not to pursue a balanced community mean that house will end up somewhere else , presumably in outlying county .
and employee work in the buff up crystal city will wind up commute long distance and clog northern virginia thoroughfare .
so i work in that same beauty salon ,
i 'm chain to the old masquerade
the lipstick , the shadow , the silicone :
i follow my father 's trade -
leonard cohen
michael jackson may be another example of a celebrity distraction which , upon examination , reveal more about our society 's mortal condition than a tabloid could imagine .
almost certainly more than it would dare to describe .
yesterday , jackson be order to close neverland for have fail to pay the ranch 's 47 employee their salary or insurance since the end of 2005 .
unfortunate for the unpaid staff and the abandon llama but no surprise .
he 's move on since his aquittal , like gary glitter do after his 1999 conviction , have depart last june for a bahrain `` vacation '' from which he 's yet to emerge .
( '' for the people work at bahrain 's mall , the person cover head to toe in a black veil , glove and glass appear to be a rich , doting saudi mother ....
but why would a woman wear a man 's shoe ?
why the bodyguard ?
and why do the person 's fluid movement seem so familiar ? '' )
last week 's real jackson story run in the new york daily news , under the snappy banner `` creepy dad be root of all clan 's woe , singer sez . ''
the singer be brother jermaine , and the claim based on the project outline for his abandon `` tell - all '' family story .
read that joseph be a nightmare of a father and sexually abusive towards his daughter be not exactly a `` stop the press '' moment .
what 's new be this :
jermaine even suggest his father may have set up michael to be somehow victimize by older men .
he tell how his father would have michael join in at late - night hotel room meeting with `` important business people , '' and wonder whether `` something happen '' to michael at those session .
he say he sense something be wrong because michael would be sick for day after .
`` what be joseph do ? '' jermaine write .
this lift the jackson family horror show to a whole new order of dysfunction , one that see parent network with power and trade their children for privilege .
this should be a motif familiar to anyone acquainted with the literature of mind control and ritual abuse survivor : the father and first controller , pass his child - victim up the social ladder of abuse in return for status , protection and reward .
or maybe not : `` latoya also describe be awaken in the night by joseph wear a ' monster mask . ' ''
perhaps we can take more from this than the suspicion that the jackson clan have get with the program .
perhaps rather the point be that the program exploit pre @-@ exist condition for abuse which be more common than most suspect .
( this be how i tend to think of ponchatoula 's hosanna church . )
yet we should n't discount the suspicion , either , particularly give some of michael 's paranormal interest and peculiar association .
his close friendship with spectra contactee and channeller of the nine , uri geller , for one instance .
( jackson be geller 's best man in 2001 when he and his wife renew his vow , the same year geller be say to have be reactivate as a psychic spy . )
his entourage include a `` personal magician '' for another .
even if you want to , you wo n't be read jermaine 's account now .
like every jackson sibling who 's try to break from joe , he 's climb down , return to the fold and scrap the book , apparently on the strength of michael 's threat to sue .
previously , michael 's give cause for family observer to attribute his grotesque body dysmorphia to a dread of resemble his father .
yet there they be at jackson 's trial last year , hand in hand .
but his little picture may be more newsworthy than the news suggest .
good stuff .
have depart last june for a bahrain `` vacation '' from which he 's yet to emerge .
actually , there have be report for the past two day of jackson back in california .
#name ?
wild wild stuff jeff !
disinformation distraction dis and dat ..
bait and switch set the agenda .
there be no such thing as an accident .
it 's saturday morning , and the paper say a moon of saturn be spew life - give water .... then i see the new r.i. post be about the perrenial child michael jackson .
this day be name for saturn ...
" ... it be foretell that one day a mighty son of saturn would in turn overthrow him ,
and saturn devour all of his children when they be born to prevent this ... ''
apparently saturn be also intimately connect with satan , masonic , and revelation 13 - you know , the `` number of the beast '' ...
nevermind -
i need a cup of coffee ...
i look in vain for the cheney `` a hunt we will go '' to post this out and paste but ...
and on the subject of cowardice , consider this . in a recent hunt escapade , dick cheney accidentally shoot one of his hunt comrade .
there may have be negligence involve , but that be up to the local district attorney to decide .
but more importantly , i think , be the nature of the hunt .
these be not wild bird .
the bird be breed in captivity .
they have spend their life in pen , and then on hunt day , be release for the sole purpose of be kill by dick cheney and cohort for pure sport as they fly into the open sky for their only moment of brief freedom .
the link `` personal majician '' be intrigueing .
from madsen via boucher :
jackson 's stay at the cedar be arrange through david kuo , george w. bush 's white house director of the office of faith - based initiative .
kuo also previously work for the christian coalition and senator john ashcroft .
there 's also some curious neverland / disneyland connection to the `` mickey mouse club '' children who be now star , include justin timberlake ( remember the star on janet jackson 's breast ? ) and brittany spear , christina aguilera ...
the piper walk into the mountain , still follow by the children , and the cave close again ...
here be boucher 's follow up to the `` majician '' link of jeff 's .
but i think you might cover chile 's inauguration of its first woman president today instead ...
maybe later as the story develop ?
jeff boucher 's piece mention how victim of sexual abuse often have childlike voice , almost as if their development be ' freeze ' around the time of their abuse .
jackson seem to be of this type .
or more perversely , fake that he be :
`` i be always say [ to jackson ] people would n't think i be so crazy if they see who the hell you really be , that you sit around , and you drink and you curse and you 're [ expletive ] funny and you have a bad mouth , and you do n't have that high voice all the time '' -
lisa marie presley , in an interview quote in a wapo article write by tina brown :
michael jackson 's false front ?
`` david geffen , be go !
steven spielberg , be go ! ''
the witch doctor curse michael jackson 's enemy and bless the tarnished king of pop himself in a voodoo ritual in switzerland in the summer of 2000 have promise that the 25 people on jackson 's enemy list ( would soon be dead ) ...
jackson have order his then business adviser , myung - ho lee , a u.s. - educate korean lawyer based in seoul , to wire $ 150,000 to a bank in mali for a voodoo chief name baba , who then have 42 cow ritually sacrifice for the ceremony .
jackson have already undergo a blood bath ...
the pop star , who be say to be $ 240 million in debt , have pay six figure for a ritual cleanse use sheep blood to another voodoo doctor and a mysterious egyptian woman name samia , who come to him with a letter of greet from a high - rank saudi prince , purportedly nawaf bin abdulaziz al - saud , now the chief of intelligence of saudi arabia ...
http : //www.vanityfair.com/commentary/content/articles/050411roco03c hmm .
accord to that vanity fair article , jacko and uri geller meet through `` that other fellow devotee of children 's charity mohamed fayed , the chairman of harrods in london , who believe that the c.i.a. and prince philip have princess diana and his son , dodi , kill . ''
anonymous quote , `` jackson 's stay at the cedar be arrange through david kuo ... ''
hold on --
the cedar be the headquarters of the fellowship foundation , the creepy christianoid cult with deep political connection .
here 's a bit of the original madsen article that the michael jackson quote come from :
in 1976 , the fellowship begin look for a permanent headquarters in arlington .
it set its sight on the estate of george mason iv , the cedar , locate at 2301 north uhle street .
mason be one of the drafters of the bill of right .
the fellowship , also know as the international foundation , buy the property from charles piluso .
although not much be know about piluso , the los angeles time report that howard hughes , the man with whom fellowship senator ralph owen brewster once spar , also live there .
accord to a senior pentagon official , the cedar have be use as a cia safe house prior to the fellowship 's purchase of the estate .
the fellowship pay $ 1.5 million for the cedar , the money come from tom phillips , the ceo of raytheon , and ken olsen , the ceo of digital equipment corporation .
sanford mcdonnell of mcdonnell douglas corporation be another deep - pocket supporter of the fellowship through full gospel business men 's fellowship international , an activity link to fellowship core member pat robertson .
suffer the little children , eh ?
if this be what power & wealth do to you , i 'm damn glad i have neither .
you say , `` perhaps rather the point be that the program exploit pre @-@ exist condition for abuse which be more common than most suspect . ''
could n't agree more .
i think that pedophilia 's relative commonality be what really make it frighten .
my experience happen when i be 15 .
a friend of mine met this guy who be twice our age & who be more than willing to buy us all the whiskey we could drink .
we be both enamored with kerouac & jim morrison & meet strange character & this guy definitely fit the bill .
he be muscle for a pittsburgh madam name tex gill .
she dress like a man & run most of the massage parlors in pgh .
he be into black magick & crowley & booze & drug & on & on .
& my buddy pass out .
i continue drink .
at one point , i glance at this older guy ,
& he be stare at my buddy as a line of drool run down the cigarette in his mouth & drip on to the floor .
he notice that i 'm kind of stare at him .
he stand up , walk into the bedroom , & come back with a porno mag .
he drop it on the couch next to me .
as he 's sit down , he say , `` see anything you like ? ''
& then he shove his hand hard into my groin .....
.... & i break his nose with my elbow .
i apologize for continue my ramble but ... ,
michael jackson
manchild in a promise land
by robert j. lewis
he 's such an easy target , michael jackson .
he make even the weirdest of the weird feel normal .
but unlike them , jackson do n't try to hide the fact that he be easily one of the most screw up being on the planet .
every time he check in for yet another surgery , he be announce to the world that he do n't know who he be , where he be go , and that he thoroughly loathe himself - at least the adult version .
and for his remarkable honesty , his most unprivate confession , he be subject to one public humiliation after another .
who among us rock thrower would have the courage to reveal about ourselves what michael have reveal about himself ?
next to the tower monument that the unedited michael jackson be we be telephone booth ;
next to his singular guilelessness and candor , we be the multitude of the prevaricate and pusillanimous .
everything michael have do and say during the past 20 year have be against his own apparent self - interest , begin with unrelenting surgical assault on his erstwhile good look , to hang his child ( and crotch for that matter ) out to dry , to enter detail of his bedroom antics into the public domain .
like a typical dostoievksy character , we can not account for the behavior if it be n't for an apparently override need to confess and proclaim -- over and against what the outside world want to believe -- the truth of who we be .
the on - go spectacle of michael 's increasingly bizarre conduct be his confession to the world that he be one spectacularly psychologically - challenged dude .
like children who be incapable of dissimulate their basic want and need , michael 's manner of be in the world be uncensored and spontaneous ,
and to such an unsuspected extent i propose he deserve to be consider one of the most authentic being of this or any other century , and quite properly belong to that exceptional society of authenticity - questers that would include saint augustine , pascal and heidegger .
the fact of michael 's life have be well document .
we know that by the age of 25 he be on top of the world .
thriller have sell an unprecedented 50 million copy and billie jean have become the musical drug of choice in every corner of the world .
not only be the song 's momentum and tension brilliantly craft and fuse , michael 's rivet , counterpoint choreography - which remain unsurpassed -- revolutionized the way we simultaneously look at and listen to music .
before disbelieve eye , his torso , head and limb supply never - before - see anatomical rejoinder to the note -- like a guitarist fill in between the lyric .
but from here on in , it would be downhill for the genre 's quintessential messenger , for michael could no long sustain the ' great lie ' he be live .
the child 's ' tin drum ' be beat ever louder in his head
and he intuitively understand that he be developmentally under - equip to handle the adult pressure of stardom .
far more compel than the promise of even greater fame and fortune be the example of oskar , from gunther grass ' the tin drum ( 1959 ) , which tell the story of a boy who refuse to grow up , who , through his drum , reject the adult world and the horror take place in nazi germany .
like oskar , michael have witness firsthand the abomination of adult behaviour and refuse to sign up .
from his early year , michael jackson be subject to both extreme psychological and physical abuse at the hand of his status - obsess father , who designate michael as the vessel into which he would mercilessly pour the acid of his unrealized ambition .
to this single end , joe jackson be ruthlessly single - minded .
michael be terrify of him , whose mere presence could induce nausea .
at the age of 5 , the father yank the son from his pail and sandbox existence and make him run hollywood 's grimmest gauntlet .
the little mouse that michael be suddenly find himself in the rat race and quickly learn to hate it ,
and like oskar , who find respite in the beat of his tin drum , michael find solace on stage , perform his music .
but the stage could not provide michael with immunity against the constant encroachment of the adult world .
listen to his rapid breathe in especially off the wall and thriller : the staccato - like pant of a stalk animal , the desperate breath of human panic , and his small boy 's voice hide behind the mesmerize slash and blur of arm and leg fending off an invisible attack .
from one track to the next , the lyric be n't so much sung as frantically whisper , the vowel cut short to the quick .
michael be announce that he could no longer follow the course father and hollywood have stake out for him , that the disparity between his real self and the role he be thrust into have reach unsustainable incommensurability .
only the child within could save the defenceless adult from the depredation of the adult world ,
and from this point on , michael would reduce the project of his life to let the world know the truth of who he be : a confused , fragile , lose soul in search of care and love .
by the time michael have attain mythic status , he be so far remove and alienate from himself , he would have to shed , over a period of 20 year and still count , one skin after another before his true self could begin to emerge .
as we might expect from someone so radically self - estrange , the result have be nothing less than a metamorphosis .
michael 's journey of self - discovery be a work in progress like no other because it increasingly depends on the accommodation of two irreconcilables : the child and adult as one .
more reveal of itself than its favorite target , public opinion have not see fit to grant michael the inalienable right to his confused mental state and ' off the wall ' comportment .
if most people subscribe to the notion that black and white be not only skin colors but state of mind , why be we baffle or offend when michael , who be introduce to the white way of hollywood at the age of 5 , tell us that he be n't sure what his true color be ?
rob of his childhood , abuse by a psychotic father and then prematurely subject to the adult pressure of the entertainment world , why be we surprise to learn that michael do n't want to grow up , that he prefer the company and community of children , that he want to be protect and look after ?
every time the androgynous jackson go under the knife he be cry out that he do n't know if he be man or woman , child or adult , black or white .
as if we would have do otherwise in his situation ?
and to the never - end suspicion that michael be a child abuser , what crime have be commit when two experiment 11 - year - olds fool around sexually ?
if you believe that michael have the mentality of an 11 - year - old , ( and there have n't be much evidence to the contrary during the past 20 year ) he should not have have to defend himself against accusation of child molestation .
was it in defense of perversity or his incorrigible innocence that convince him that it be ok to reveal that he share his bed with children ?
more questionable , even criminal , than michael 's alleged fool around with other kid , be the parent who allow , even encourage their children to sleep over and perhaps share the same bed with someone whose sexual predilection have be suspect since 1991 .
on june 13 , 2005 , the court find michael not guilty of the charge bring against him .
however , those whose mind be decide on his guilt before the trial begin will not be change by the verdict , just as michael 's essential nature will not have change .
mahatma gandhi write that ' there be a higher court than court of justice and that be the court of conscience . '
only michael know if he be sexually attract to children , and beyond that , if he have ever act on those feeling .
and if we grant him the mental age of an 11 - year - old , who have nonetheless conventionally father two children , michael be then a child trap in an adult body .
which mean the crown act in his quest for authenticity await one final operation .
what do a man do when he feel , act and respond like a woman trap in a man 's body ?
he undergo sexual reassignment surgery and hormone therapy in order to become who ' she ' be .
there remain one final procedure that will totally liberate the child that michael be .
when michael find the courage to act on what his duty toward other children demand -- submit to voluntary neuter -- which will be tantamount to his final confession , the save grace and glory that be his neverland will become his forever land .
tennessee williams have say for all time , `` there 's not enough kindness in the world . ''
and i say this to you , michael jackson , may your tribe increase .
`` thank god i 'm an atheist : ''
the surrealistic cinema of luis bunuel --
by bryan m. papciak
`` the thought of death have be familiar to me for a long time , '' say director luis bunuel .
`` from the time that skeleton be carry through the street of calanda during the holy week procession , death have be an integral part of my life .
i 've never wish to forget or deny it ,
but there 's not much to say about it when you 're an atheist '' ( 255 ) .
so read an accurate testimonial to the personal and artistic sentiment of this odd and serious filmmaker .
like many of his contemporary surrealist , bunuel be a paradox who on one hand claim apathy towards ultimate end , be , and be , yet on the other hand load his impressive body of work with moribund imagery and strange idea about the god he so vociferously deny .
bunuel exhibit a radical , iconoclastic view of the world in which he find society decadent and antithetical to human liberation .
he have be call a realist , a surrealist , a marxist , an anarchist , a mystic , an anticleric , a freudian , a post @-@ freudian , a sadist , a moralist , a christian , and a poet - showman of the macabre .
his scenario range from the absurd to the tragic to the satiric to the erotic , profusely endue with the outrageous and the scandalous .
luis bunuel have long be recognize in european critical circle as a great and prolific filmmaker on a par with eisenstein , chaplin , and fellini .
however , only recently have his reputation in america begun to catch up .
over his fifty - year career he direct thirty - two feature film and work in spain , france , mexico , italy , and the unite state .
utilize sardonic humor and the imagery of surrealism , bunuel set out to undermine the value and institution people take for grant .
his aim be specific : through the surreal , visualize the impulse of the uncon - scious , he would , he say , `` shatter the optimism of the bourgeoisie world and force the reader ( or spectator ) to question the permanency of the prevail order '' ( mellen 3 ) .
luis bunuel be born february 22 , 1900 in calanda , a small town in the province of teruel , spain .
as a youth he receive a jesuit education , display exceptional talent in music , athletics , and the natural science .
he enjoy a comfortable upbringing in a reasonably wealthy , close - knit family .
his family come from liberal , semi @-@ intellectual , land - own bourgeoisie .
these detail be not irrelevant .
to comprehend bunuel 's work it be essential to understand that he be first a spaniard and secondly a product of spanish bourgeoisie .
virginia higgenbotham point out that `` blasphemy be only a form of think for any intelligent spaniard , '' and also that the `` art of his country be rich in eroticism and profoundly preoccupy with death '' ( 18 , 20 ) .
bunuel say : my infancy slip by in an almost medieval atmosphere ( like that of nearly all the spanish province ) between my native town and zaragova .
i feel it necessary to say here ( since it explain in part the trend of the modest work which i late accomplish ) that the two basic sentiment of my childhood which stay with me well into adolescence , be those of a profound eroticism , at first sublimate in a great religious faith , and a permanent consciousness of death .
it would take too long here to analyze the reason .
it suffice that i be not an exception among my compatriot , since this be a very spanish characteristic , and our art , exponent of the spanish spirit , be impregnate with these two sentiment .
the last civil war , peculiar and ferocious as no other expose them clearly .
come of age , bunuel express a strong urge to go to paris to study music but be send instead to madrid to study agricultural engineer .
after a few year , he switch his study to entomology , and , more importantly , begin form close friendship with a group of young artist who be to influence him strongly in the future .
these companion include the poet frederico garcia lorca and jose moreno villa and the painter salvador dali .
in the madrid residencia bunuel develop his interest in the art , theater , and act and gain his introduction to surrealism .
after graduate in 1925 with a degree in philosophy and letter , bunuel move to paris , join by a few member of his residencia coterie .
bunuel arrive in paris highly recommend by influential friend of his parent and be introduce into the best intellectual circle of the city .
he be soon hire as an assistant director to jean epstien , `` the only director of that bleak era of the french cinema to merit the title of an intellectual filmmaker '' ( aranda 32 ) .
while hone his skill work as an a.d. , bunuel also begin contribute article to various literary cinema periodical , most notably la gaceta hispanoamericana .
in 1929 he formally enter the paris surrealist group .
within this set he embark on his first film project as director , a collaboration with his residencia friend salvador dali , entitle un chien andalou .
he collaborate with dali again in 1930 on another surrealist film , l_age d ' or .
the rest , as they say , be history .
some critic , most notably pauline kael and penelope gilliatt , now regard bunuel as the hitchcock of surrealism -- a venerated master in total command of his medium and for whom the art of filmic manipulation become a `` delightful form of play . ''
for bunuel , however , play have little to do with it .
rather , he see surrealism as a revolutionary , poetic , and moral movement :
all of us be supporter of a certain concept of revolution , and although the surrealist do n't consider themselves terrorist , they be constantly fight a society they despise .
the principle weapon be not gun , of course , it be scandal .
scandal be a potent agent of revelation , capable of expose such social crime as exploitation of one man by another , colonialist imperialism , religious tyranny -- in sum , all the secret and odious underpinnings of a system that have to be destroy .
he go on to say , `` the purpose of surrealism be not to create a new literary , artistic , or even philosophical movement , but to explode the social order , to transform life itself ' ( 107 ) .
salvador dali recall the surrealist ' ideology , `` it be possible to systematize confusion thank to a paranoia and active process of thought and so assist in discredit completely the world of reality '' ( gould 37 ) .
indeed , the intent of surreal art be to move one from the conscious mind into the subconscious .
it seek to affect the emotion through the mind .
michael gould state in surrealism and the cinema , `` if the vision reveal be too much for the rational mind to absorb ( too intense , too threaten , too ' real ' ) yet can not be reject , then it leave the consciousness and come to exist on a sublime level as pure surrealism '' ( 13 ) .
in un chien andalou , for example , a girl 's eye be slice with a razor blade ,
a man wipe his mouth completely off his face ,
dead donkey carcass adorn a piano ,
a man 's hand crawl with ant .
each of these image be clearly too intense for rational thought .
bunuel be draw to the surrealist movement for more than revolutionary or psychological reason .
the moral aspect of the movement intrigue him as well :
for the first time in my life , i 'd come into contact with a coherent moral system that , as far as i could tell , have no flaw .
it be an aggressive morality based on the complete rejection of all exist value .
we have other criteria :
we exalt passion , mystification , black humor , the insult , and the call of the abyss .
inside this new territory , all our thought and action seem justifiable ;
there be simply no room for doubt .
everything make sense .
our morality may have be more demanding and more dangerous than the prevail order , but it be also stronger , richer , more coherent .
the surreal quality in bunuel 's film can be trace to a number of source ,
but the primary impetus be his `` irrational sensibility '' as evidence by his treatment of image , montage , and sound .
these give his film their dreamlike quality .
his most intense image be evocative of either humor or mystery .
mystery , he believe , be the essential element of any art ;
it be inseparable from chance ,
and the whole universe be a mystery ,
bunuel believe that his own form of atheism lead inevitably to the acceptance of the inexplicable .
`` since i reject the idea of a divine watchmaker , '' he say , `` ( a notion even more mysterious than the mystery it supposedly explain ) , then i must consent to live in a kind of shadowy confusion ....
at least it keep my moral freedom intact '' ( 174 ) .
predictably , adherence to fantasy as oppose to reason in a rationalistic society lead to conflict .
the surrealist oppose nearly all traditional value and , as note before , seek to destroy `` all conventional social , moral , and artistic habit of thought and perception '' ( higgenbotham 30 ) .
enter un chien andalou .
in 1929 , un chien andalou be as shock and scandalous as bunuel and dali have hope it would be .
it give rise to a stagger range of interpretation : poetic , scandalous , incoherent , an attack upon critic , an attack upon religion , and attack upon the bourgeoisie .
( interestingly , the film be finance by bunuel 's bourgeois mother . )
un chien andalou ( which mean an andalusian dog -- though there be no dog in the film ) be deliberately intend to jolt the spectator 's peace of mind and to convey some of the basic belief underlie the surrealist movement , include the omnipotence of desire .
bunuel state that he and dali hold to only one rule during the production ,
`` no idea or image that might lend itself to rational explanation of any kind would be accept .
we have to open all door to the irrational and keep only those image that surprise us without try to explain why '' ( 104 ) .
the aim of the film be not exclusively to shock , but to incendiarially affect the collective conscience .
at the same time it be an indictment of all the art consumer who , either through stupidity , masochism , or self interest , be willing to swallow anything , no matter how much it go against their instinct .
bunuel ask , `` what can i do about the people who adore all that be new , even when it go against their deep conviction , or about the insincere , corrupt press and the inane herd that see beauty and poetry in something which be basically no more than a desperate call for murder ? '' ( bauche 9 ) .
the film be a dream and , like a dream , be both fascinate and disturb .
the open scene in which a girl 's eye be slice set the tone of the film 's meander and confuse itinerary .
many of the element that make up the film be remnant of objective reality .
the way they be arrange within the scenario push them into a mental reconstruction process -- in exactly the way dream draw on the previous day 's experience .
interestingly , the image have the matter - of - fact quality of a newsreel , or what higgenbotham call a `` prosaic realism '' ( 38 ) .
bunuel choose not to use the distort lens , supered image , or blur focus ( cinematic convention of the day ) to suggest the dreamlike quality of his film .
instead , he approach the entire non @-@ narrative in a straightforward manner .
he use the shock incongruity of the image themselves to build the hallucinatory feel of anguish that run through the film .
the unrealistic fashion in which the realistic image be juxtapose be the perfect way , accord to freddy bauche , to illustrate `` the dramatic collision between desire and the object of desire '' ( 10 ) .
obviously , the director draw much of un chien andalou from his spanish heritage -- the religious and social implication , the theme of emotionalism and death , even the donkey carcass .
`` thus un chien andalou , as a milestone in the history of cinema , emerge from its director 's adolescence in spain and announce the theme and technique that be to preoccupy bunuel for half a century , through the rest of his career '' ( higgenbotham 39 ) .
where desire and eroticism prevail in un chien andalou , religion take center stage in simon del desierto ( simon of the desert ) , produce in mexico in 1965 .
simon del desierto be a bizarre little narrative set in the fifth century a.d.
saint simon , in order to be as close to god as possible , have stand pray on top of a sixty - foot pillar for thirty - seven year .
he be profoundly sanctimonious - to the degree that he even bless his own tooth when it fall from his mouth .
his devotion , however , be put to the test when the devil ( a woman wear the uniform of a catholic school girl ) arrive in a slither coffin at the pillar .
she be intent on lure the holy disciple from his perch as she repeatedly ridicule him and insult his character .
simon heroically resist her temptation at every turn despite her various disguise ; first , a priest , then a shepherd , and finally as the savior himself .
at last , despite simon 's holy strength , and for reason not entirely clear , the devil be able to exert her full power and whisk him away to hell -- a greenwich village disco where trendy writhe and grind to `` the radioactive flesh . ''
the implication be stagger .
`` the saint , devoted to his god , sit high on a pillar for all of life ....
but the pillar , discolored over the year , wind and twist its way to the ground , be the excrement of the saint .
saint though he be , his bowel must still move .
so there he sit , near god indeed , but support on a pillar of excrement '' ( mellen 115 ) .
there have be several interpretation of this seemingly blasphemous imagery .
one be that god and his church be really build on unacknowledged humanity .
another be that we can reach god only through understand the true nature of our humanity .
still another be that religion ( primarily catholicism ) be essentially a `` pillar of excrement . ''
bunuel himself put all the interpretation in perspective when he say , `` thank god i 'm still an atheist . ''
luis bunuel 's flair for perverse surrealism and his malicious attack on conventional morality be fully realize in his second to last film , le fantome de la liberte ( the phantom of liberty ) , produce in france in 1974 -- almost fifty year after un chien andalou .
fantome in many way function as a sort of sequel to his 1972 film , le channe discret de la bourgeoisie ( the discreet charm of the bourgeoisie ) .
the image be astound and playfully absurd :
spanish hostage of the napoleonic war cry `` down with freedom ! '' as they be execute .
a french lieutenant fondle the statue of a beautiful noblewoman and be struck on the head by another statue .
bourgeois couple discuss defecation around a toilet - line table but consider `` food '' an impolite topic , and so on .
the titular reference to a `` phantom '' boffows from the open line of karl marx 's communist manifesto :
`` a specter be haunt europe - the specter of communism . ''
bunuel twist this mean to imply that the specter haunt the bourgeoisie be `` the possibility of its own freedom unburden by the dead end of sexual license , willful irrationality , and the liberty to go beyond the self - indulgent eccentricity of the individual ego '' ( mellen 318 ) .
bunuel compare the film to one of his earlier surrealist work , l_age d ' or , say , `` it be no long possible to scandal @-@ ize people as we do in 1930 .
today you have to do it with sweet subversion '' ( mellen 183 ) .
le fantome de la liberte charge that society have substitute arbitrary willfulness for freedom .
one of the film 's vignette show two parent who insist on declare their daughter a miss person , although she be plainly sit in front of them .
the police , in a similar display of willful blindness to reality , even ask the child herself for her vital statistic and how she disappear .
in another episode , four chain - smoke monk gamble with their holy medallion in a card game .
`` i 'll open with a virgin , '' say one .
another play a `` father . ''
bunuel believe reality be actually a smoke screen for hidden urge .
he use the absurd to imply `` an attack on specific abuse , not on some safely vague condition of man '' ( durgnat 65 ) .
in le fantome de la liberte bunuel doubt not so much the possibility for society 's redemption as its likelihood .
`` we have be render unwittingly comfortable within our psychic cage to the point where we prefer them to liberty , an experience and aspiration we neither understand or desire '' ( mellen 331 ) .
for fifty year , luis bunuel make film about society 's dilemma .
his art be his declaration of confidence in a human race dominate by a bourgeoisie give to hypocrisy , sadism , and above all , a disrespect for its own capacity to live differently and better .
he summed it all up himself :
as i drift toward my last sigh , i often imagine a final joke .
i convoke around my deathbed my friend who be confirm atheist as i be .
then a priest , whom i have summon , arrive ;
and to the horror of my friend , i make my confession , ask for absolution for my sin , and receive extreme unction .
after which i turn over on my side and expire .
but will i have the strength to joke at that moment ?
luis bunuel die in 1983 .
note : there 's a piece by george packer in the new yorker ( '' betray : the iraqis who trust america the most '' ) about all this , but it 's way too long to blog here .
check it out if you want .
it 's hair - raise stuff .
christ , can no one trust an american anymore ?
i 'm gettting sick and tire of be ashamed of the usa .
what have we come to ?
fuck , piss , shit .
anyway , here 's a short piece from mother jones :
thrown to the assassin
they cheer the u.s. invasion ;
they offer to help , sign on as translator , risk everything they have to work for the unite state .
but when they have to run for their life , america slam the door .
by david case / mother jones
on the day the american tank roll into baghdad , abather abdul hussein and his wife , balqes abdel mohammed , throw flower .
literally .
after a lifetime of turmoil and tyranny , the couple fervently believe the invasion would bring peace .
abather join u.s. `` democratization '' effort , such as a project to create a govern council for his neighborhood , and he occasionally end up in the good - news iraq story that still seem plausible in those day ;
one u.s. paper run a five - column photo of him perch on a classroom chair surround by american soldier , with a story about the `` new iraq . ''
these day , abather and his young family be among the hundred of thousand of iraqis who have flee in fear for their life .
after month spend dodge insurgent who have targeted them for support the americans , he and balqes be relieve to have escape -- and bitter , like thousand of fellow refugee , that the superpower for which they risk their life have abandon them .
a short man who bundle his shatter body in layer against the desert 's winter chill , the 34 - year - old abather be polite and relax , with an easy smile .
an engaging conversationalist even in break english , he love to talk about baghdad , his infant daughter , and his wife , an outspoken woman several year his senior , whom he call a genius .
`` when we meet she be a professor at baghdad university , '' he boast .
`` i be her student .
when she walk into a room , hundred of people would stand to pay her respect . ''
consider that his life savings will run out in two month , that he can n't work legally in jordan , and that he could be deport at any moment , abather be remarkably stoic , though the anxiety leak out in tic .
he chain - smoke cheap craven a cigarette , crush the charred filter in an overflow ashtray ;
when balqes complain , he sheepishly offer that `` smoke be my only work . ''
it 's not quite true --
his one other job during the past 18 month have be recount his nightmare , over and over again , to border guard , embassy worker , and aid agency .
in december , he reluctantly tell it to me , pull document from a worn leather folder to corroborate the detail .
the story begin after the ouster of saddam , when abather and balqes , like many iraqis , launch a de @-@ baathification program of their own .
their target be the dean who have be balqes ' boss at baghdad university ( and who , as abather tell it , have force her out when she resist join the baath party ) .
balqes want her job back ;
one day abather confront the dean ,
and temper flare .
american soldier break up the brawl , bound abather 's wrist with a zip tie , and interrogate him .
he explain balqes ' gripe and what the loss of her job have mean for their family , include their 3 - year - old son and balqes ' 14 - year - old son from a previous marriage ( her first husband have be kill in the iran - iraq war ) .
though he hold a master 's degree in engineer , abather have n't be able to get a job in the doldrums of sanction - era iraq ,
so he be scrape together a live repair watch , his wife and children cram into his father 's small home .
`` the soldier be very understand , '' abather recall .
`` i be impress . ''
they offer the family an apartment in a place call iraqi village , a compound near the baghdad airport where saddam have house orphan he be groom to become fedayeen loyalist .
in return , the couple translate for the americans , and eventually the washington national guard 's 1 st battalion 303 rd armored regiment hire balqes as an interpreter , at $ 15 per day .
abather end up lead a u.s. army - contract security squad with a monthly salary of $ 130 .
learn that he be an engineer , soldier later gave him lucrative reconstruction assignment .
he start an engineer firm and work with contractor such as abb and kellogg , brown and root ;
in one heady year , abather 's contract would mushroom from a few thousand dollar to an $ 862,000 electrification project ( later canceled because he could n't procure the need equipment ) .
abather and balqes glow with wonder when they speak of those day , of earn a good live and have their own home for the first time .
most of all , abather enjoy hang out with the americans .
he seem to remember every soldier he ever meet :
captain philips and sergeant buchard give his children toy , a soccer ball , and school stationery ;
lieutenant glenn allen get so close to the family they call him `` uncle allen . ''
( allen confirm abather 's story in emails to me , call him and balqes `` very helpful individual '' who `` risk their life by meet with us . '' )
it be as if they have suddenly find themselves citizen of the 51 st state .
and so , in october 2004 , when abather get his first death threat , he think it be a joke .
it be handwritten , tuck under the windshield wiper of his car inside iraqi village , a gate community with american checkpoint at both its entrance ;
the note read :
abather , leave your work with the americans .
otherwise you will be kill by jihadis because you be a traitor .
jihad army
then the killings begin .
lieutenant allen have once give abather a photo depict two american soldier with five of their iraqi friend .
three of the iraqis be assassinate in short order .
abather begin to notice car follow him ,
and a few time shot be fire at his car .
the anonymous note grow increasingly menace .
eventually , iraqi village feel so dangerous that abather and balqes move the family back to his father 's house .
a death threat arrive there almost immediately .
still abather continue work with the americans .
one day in august 2005 , abather be drive balqes , six month pregnant with their second child , to a doctor 's appointment .
at an intersection , he notice a gold car park by the road ;
suddenly the two men in it leveled gun at him .
`` this be the end , '' abather think ,
and then a u.s. patrol appear
and the assailant vanish into traffic .
within day , abather and balqes have sell off their belongings and flee to amman .
their trouble have only just begin .
the u.s. embassy in amman be an attractive , arabian - style fortress , heavily guard machine - gunner in ford pickups .
it sit high on a hillside ,
and the view be so phenomenal that you can imagine your gaze reach all the way to the iraqi border , some 200 mile away .
in the foreground , amman 's roll mosaic of pale , boxy limestone building shimmer against the azure sky .
at its edge , in dank apartment on outlying hillside , life a substantial portion of baghdad 's educate middle class .
almost all flee in a panic , after get death threat or see love one murder ;
many be targeted by insurgent or jihadis because they support , or work for , the americans .
of iraq 's 27 million prewar population , about 1 in 8 -- some 3.4 million people -- have leave their home since the invasion , accord to the unite nation high commission for refugee ( unhcr ) ,
and more than half of those have end up abroad .
refugee international label this the world 's fast - grow humanitarian crisis .
yet the bush administration have refuse to so much as acknowledge the refugee ' plight , let alone help them get to safety or even provide basic humanitarian aid .
in the past , note bill frelick , refugee policy director at human right watch , the unite state have often aid those persecute for support it ;
since the vietnam war , 1 million vietnamese refugee have be resettle in the unite state , include ten of thousand of south vietnamese army veteran .
but the bush administration `` have abdicate that obligation , '' say frelick .
`` the people who have flee be the one the administration be relying on to build democracy in iraq ;
it would rather ignore them than acknowledge that its initiative have fail . ''
it be in jordan that abather and balqes discover the limitation of their friendship with the unite state .
lieutenant `` uncle '' allen have emailed the embassy in amman to explain that the family fear for their life ;
he 'd even offer to sponsor their relocation `` to the safety of the unite state . ''
an unsigned email from the embassy commend allen -- '' i know that your iraqi friend appreciate your friendship '' -- but note that u.s. visa be `` quite difficult '' for iraqis to get .
since 9 / 11 , middle easterners in general , and iraqis in particular , have face enormous hurdle get admit to the unite state ;
until 2005 , the bush administration maintain a total freeze on iraqis that shut out current refugee as well as hundred of people who have flee saddam hussein 's regime year earlier .
the email nonetheless provide instruction on get a tourist visa ,
and abather and balqes quickly file their application along with the $ 200 fee -- almost two month ' rent .
several month later they be notify that they could visit the unite state for up to three month , but that they could not bring their children .
they then make repeat visit to the unhcr to apply for official refugee status .
as it have with almost 99 percent of the iraqis who have come through its office in amman , the agency turn them down .
abather and balqes set their sight on a visa to australia , a major destination for iraqi refugee , and even hire an iraqi lawyer there .
they wait for month .
their savings dwindle ;
then their baby fall ill ,
and the emergency surgery , for an intestinal obstruction , cost $ 2,100 in cash .
in early june 2006 , abather get a rejection letter from australia .
around the same time , word come that his father have die of a heart attack .
so he go back to iraq to bury his father , help his mother find a place to live , and buy state - subsidize medicine for his daughter .
but when he return to the jordanian border less than a week later , he be tell he could n't reenter the country :
have recently suffer two terrorist attack , jordan have enact a ban on entry for iraqi men age 17 to 35 .
for two day abather stand on the highway at the border post , beseech successive shift of immigration official .
finally , a guard promise to send the medicine to his family in amman if he would just go away .
once again abather head back to baghdad .
drive in baghdad a few day later , he notice a bmw -- the iraqi gangster 's vehicle of choice -- in his rearview mirror , closing in .
the car force him off the road ;
arm man blindfold him and knock him unconscious .
when he wake up , he be in a tiny room , handcuff to a chair .
mask men come and go , videotape as they curse him as a traitor .
they whip him with a steel cable ;
six month later , his back be still etch by deep , evenly space groove .
`` we 've be search for you for a year , '' his captor tell him .
abather recognize the voice of one man , an acquaintance from iraqi village who have seem to befriend the americans .
`` i 'm sorry your father pass away , '' the man say .
soon , a bearded imam sentence abather to decapitation for collaborate with the unite state .
abather barely hear the proceeding .
`` i be think the whole time about my little daughter in amman . ''
he be tell he could save himself by spy on the americans , but he refuse .
on the eighth day , the men ask if there be anything he want before he die ;
then they put him on the floor in the back of the bmw and speed off .
suddenly , abather hear gunshot .
the men shout .
the car crash ,
and everything go black .
he wake up in a hospital bed 60 mile from baghdad ;
iraqi force have attack the bmw and pull him from the burn wreck .
he have a compound fracture in his leg and severe burn all over his body ,
but the nurse urge him to leave :
his captor would be look for him .
his brother -- who have receive a ransom note from the kidnapper , complete with a photo of abather bound and gag -- brought him back to baghdad , where doctor fuse a piece of plastic onto his shin and graft skin from his thigh over his wound .
a few week later , he be back at the jordanian border ,
and this time the guard take pity .
the family have n't tell balqes of the kidnap .
but when she see her disfigure husband , she say , `` i know right away what happen . ''
on a crisp , clear day this past december , clutch a sheaf of paper document abather and balqes ' ordeal -- contract , soldier ' recommendation , death threat , a miss - person report -- i head to american citizen service at the u.s. embassy in amman .
abather and balqes have make several pilgrimage there ;
they be convince that if only they could speak to an american , abather 's char and mangle flesh would make their case , but they have never get past the jordanian security guard .
outside the embassy , i join a chatty , eclectic crowd of americans : a retire hippie turn english teacher from vermont ; a woman with a new york accent who struggle through the narrow eye - slit in her black veil to keep track of her hyperactive daughter ; a white - bearded man in a santa hat , who say he be pick up his passport before return to the north pole .
i wonder whether any of us would risk our life for the unite state as abather and balqes have .
to get past the compound 's first wall , we navigate a metal detector , a body frisk , and an x @-@ ray machine ;
after cross a 30 - foot no man 's land we repeat the process at the second wall .
then we wait to be call .
the unite state admit more refugee than any country in the world ,
but in 2006 , only 202 iraqis be allow in ,
and most of them have flee persecution under saddam before the war .
this year , million of iraqis , tibetans , sri lankans , and afghans must compete for a mere 5,500 refugee slot congress have allocate for the middle east and south asia .
the iraqis be in line behind their compatriot who have be wait in jordan since the late 1990 s .
like other western representative , u.s. official here refer displace people to the unhcr , which be charge with determine whether someone be a real refugee , and if so , with find him a safe place to go .
except that , as amman unhcr head robert breen tell me , a 1998 agreement with jordan forbid the agency from classify anyone as a refugee whom it can n't get out of the country within six month -- an impossibility in the post / 11 world .
( a country of about 6 million , jordan have long have the world 's highest refugee population per capita , host more than a million palestinians who flee israel in 1948 and be suppose to stay only a short time . )
of the 21,000 iraqi asylum seeker the office have register since the u.s. invasion , only 291 have be grant refugee status ; meanwhile the line outside the unhcr 's gate get longer every week ,
and the wait for an interview stand at five month .
to care for all of the region 's displace iraqis , the agency have a total budget of $ 22 million in 2006 -- less than $ 7 a person , which must cover not only the kafkaesque registration programs but also basic survival aid to refugee trap in desert camp or squat in abandoned building .
recognize the potential for `` severe humanitarian suffer , '' the iraq study group in december recommend that `` the unite state take the lead '' in fund the unhcr 's iraq program ;
currently it donate no more than a quarter of the budget .
direct u.s. aid to the refugee consists of a tiny grant to the catholic relief organization caritas ( see `` how to help , '' page 68 ) .
at the embassy , i recount abather and balqes ' ordeal at window 3 , then at window 1 -- the setup be similar to visitation in a high - security prison .
then , at window 4 , i tell the story again to the consul general , who stood behind the bulletproof glass wear a telephone headset .
i be expect to hear that `` the unite state be do its best to help , ''
but there be only silence as the consul 's eye well up .
( an amman - based aid worker later told me that american diplomat be so distraught by the policy they be charge with represent that `` it just take a few gin and tonic and they 'll break down . '' )
finally , the consul say , `` we hear story like this all the time .
we have enormous empathy for the iraqis who 've suffer after work with the americans ,
but there 's really nothing the embassy can do for them . ''
she hand me a document outline congress ' sole concession to people like abather and balqes : visa for up to 50 military translator from iraq or afghanistan each year .
`` but do n't get their hope up , '' she add quickly ;
there be thousand with the same story .
`` this be something congress really need to address , '' she say as we part .
the administration certainly do n't seem incline to take the initiative .
philip a. frayne , an embassy spokesman in amman , tell me that `` there be no reliable figure '' on how many people have flee iraq , and that in any case , it be saddam who drive out `` a large percentage '' of them .
likewise , in its 2006 annual refugee report to congress , the state department focused mainly on those saddam - era exile , and blithely intone , `` it be hope that significant number of iraqi refugee will soon be able to return home , although the security situation will remain an important consideration . ''
the report ignore the fact that , accord to a survey by the nonprofit u.s. committee for refugee , 644,500 new refugee enter jordan and syria in 2005 alone .
and 2006 will likely be worse .
as much as a quarter of greater amman 's population be now iraqi ,
and the crowd have exacerbate the city 's severe water shortage .
price have skyrocket .
until recently iraqi children could n't attend jordanian school ,
and their parent can not legally work ;
easily identify by their dialect , iraqis be discriminate against and terrify of deportation .
some refugee never go outside .
jordanian government spokesman nasser s. judeh tell me that his country , a staunch u.s. ally and aid recipient , `` certainly need help , and have hold discussion with u.s. diplomat '' about this issue .
incidentally , human right watch have also call upon the gulf arab state to pitch in ;
saudi arabia 's response so far have be to plan construction of a 560 - mile wall along its border with iraq .
before i leave jordan , abather invite me to visit his family and a physician friend from baghdad who share their two - room basement apartment .
on the al zawraa tv channel from baghdad , we watch u.s. army vehicle disappear behind roadside bomb blast as a man sang , `` let 's go kill the americans ! ''
the channel 's endless stream of anti @-@ american propaganda perplex abather and his friend :
`` why do the unite state allow this ? '' they inquire .
when image of dead children supposedly kill by the americans hit the screen , abather 's friend switch to a channel on which voluptuous arab women dance in an un @-@ islamic way .
balqes serve iraqi coffee ,
and to keep the baby from play with the colorful cup , abather suspend her from an elastic swing above our head .
she giggle as he bounce her by her tiny foot .
this be her prison , he joke .
six month after the kidnap , he still have n't get the surgery he need to heal his burn flesh ;
if the wound become infect , he could die .
abather rarely complain .
god be test us , he say .
but we will get through it .
he look at the girl bounce from the ceiling and smile .
i have a daughter ,
and i 'm very happy .
balqes be more fearful -- twice in the past month , suspicious men have show up at the apartment .
iraq , she worry , have already catch up with them .
how to help
very few organization be work on get aid to iraqi refugee , and of those that be , many be too small or too beleaguer to accept individual donation ;
the iraqi red crescent , for example , have suffer bombings and mass kidnappings , yet its volunteer continue to deliver aid to displace family inside iraq .
one of the larger relief organization work with the refugee be the catholic group caritas , whose caseworker i shadow while in amman .
buck the image of the land rover - drive aid worker , they make their round in an aging gray honda , its roof eat through by rust .
they visit iraqi doctor , engineer , and executive desperate for food , heat , or blanket to fend off the desert winter ;
one family tell the crew they have just sell their stove to buy food .
caritas help a few thousand family a year ,
but the demand far outstrip the money available to us , say magy mahrous , who oversee the project .
you can make a contribution at : international catholic migration commission citibank usa 153 east 53 rd street , 16 th floor new york , ny 10043 account # 10100491 , aba # 21000089 , swift code citius33
to ensure that the money reach the iraqi program , write iraq - icmc on your check .
at first , i sign up for a blog on donews , think that it be a site for it professional where i could perhaps find friend more easily .
later , i sign up for another one on msn , feel that write on msn might make it easier for me to communicate directly with my msn pal .
but gradually , i discover that both site be not very good .
at that time , donews do not have the function of tally traffic statistic ( i have the habit of look at the statistic of everything ) ; and even though msn have that function , others need to sign on to msn before they could reply , this meant that after read the entry , many could not reply even if they want to , hence largely reduce the interactive element .
the enthusiasm with write the blog at the begin be short - lived ; after write a few original article for promotion , i do not continue anymore .
at that time , i do n't think about post article from other site as i feel that there be no need to post any article if i could not come up with anything original ; this meant that sometimes for over two month i do n't even update a new entry .
later , there be also some minor problem with both msn and donews , so i become more unwilling to post new article .
so , these two blogs have not really be very popular , either
one of the hypotheses state : a long time ago , in order to hide from wild beast roam on the land , human have ever live in shallow water region for a long period of time , survive on aquatic plant and fish .
therefore , the body hair , which increase the friction in water , have fall off .
the reason for this explanation be that the fine hair on the back of human run from one side of the shoulder toward the spine , a different direction from that of monkey .
only such a direction could reduce the friction in water , and provide more buoyancy for the person who be swim in the water .
however , in all the primitive gather settlement that have be discover so far , we have not see any settlement where people live in such a way .
what be worse be -- from the perspective of the direction of the fine hair as well -- the fine hair on human ' upper arm point downward , while the fine hair on the lower arm point upward , which be to say , they all run toward the elbow .
this be somewhat similar to monkey who have hair : when it rain , they would hold their head with their hand , and such a direction of their hair would be easier for the rain to flow away along their elbow
what be saddam prosecute for ?
earlier on , iran 's involvement with the euro - for - oil transaction turn out to be a big news item with negligible after - effect , and finally it become a non @-@ issue , and hence there be no problem for iran and the unite state .
but this time , putin come up with a ruble - for - oil proposal , and even begin intensive preparation .
nobody would have any doubt about the technical capacity of russia , not to mention its ability to protect its own resource and trade system ,
the intimidation that russia have inflicted on ukraine be still remember with a tinge of fear by some european brother - like country .
the ruble be allow to float freely now , but everyone still have sufficient reason to doubt the replacement of the us dollar in dollar - for - oil .
but what be more vicious about comrade putin be that he have roll out what be know as a " barbarous " gold system ; and that be , before the wide acceptance of the ruble - for - oil , a portion of russia 's annual oil revenue would be channeled toward increase the country 's holding of gold .
this be the first among all major country to have issue such a clear proclamation - no wonder the recent link between gold and oil have almost be sever .
follow the government 's announcement of new immigration regulation , all travelers arrive in new zealand will receive the same treatment as they would receive when go to the us .
when they enter the country , they will be ask to provide biometric information .
at a press conference this afternoon , new immigration law confirm by immigration minister david cunliffe will give immigration official the power to collect , store and use biometric information of non @-@ new zealand citizen .
these so - call non @-@ new zealand citizen include people with a tourist , temporary or residency visa .
these new regulation be very similar to procedure for enter the us .
the new immigration law also permit the immigration service to provide " limited " biometric information on new zealand citizen to neighboring country .
however , the law do not explain the reason .
cunliffe say , it have presently not be decide when or how the biometric information will be collect from people 's body .
the government have introduce legislation that will permit further collection of dna sample from people 's body .
the new regulation on biometric information be only one article among the sixty - one article that make up the new regulation .
cunliffe say the new regulation will effectively simplify border - entry procedure and protect citizen ' right and international human right .
in new westminster , a homicide occur yesterday in an apartment where many chinese reside ,
a youth in his 20 s be suspect to have be seriously attack after he leave a party ; he be find lie in one of the apartment unit , and be pronounce dead upon arrival at the hospital .
after the event , two men be detain by the police to assist in the investigation , the motive of the murder remain unclear , and the case be now referred to the provincial integrate homicide investigation team for further investigation .
accord to the spokesman for the provincial integrate homicide investigation team , dale carr , the crime scene be in an apartment unit on the 800 block of agnes street ( agnes st. ) in new westminster .
the police receive an emergency 911 call at 12 @:@ 20 a.m . yesterday , and rush to the address mention above to investigate .
when the police arrive at the scene , they find an injure man lie in the unit ; he be seriously wound , and certify dead upon arrival at the hospital .
the body be send to the coroner for an autopsy in order to determine the cause of death .
for now , the police will not announce the name of the victim ; it will be decide upon only after the family be notify .
as to the cause of the victim 's death , and whether the case be link to any illegal activity and others and etc. , the police decline comment .
carr also say that the police have apply for a search warrant from the court yesterday morning , and enter the unit in the afternoon with the warrant for a detailed investigation , in order to understand more about the incident .
investigator from the identification bureau also go to collect information from the scene later ,
as to the motive of the attack , and whether the police have find the weapon , the police have decline disclosure .
in the face of criticism and nitpick , i believe that jesus be weaker than darwin .
why ?
because darwin be allow to make mistake , since he be a human be ; but jesus be not allow to make mistake , since he have be describe as god .
darwin propose evolution theory , but it be just a theory , and he himself also admit that there be many question ,
others may agree with him , or they may accept some part while disagree with other part , or in the future we might discover that the general direction of darwin 's evolution be largely correct though fill with a lot of error , and that there might be an improve version of evolution which be more accurate and comprehensive than what darwin have propose .
but as the originator , darwin deserve much credit .
jesus be god , and the bible be the word of god .
god create everything , understand everything , predict the future , and be infinitely resourceful , so how can he be wrong !
therefore , if you find a sentence that be allegedly say by god , but effectively turn out to be wrong , then this god will be overthrow .
therefore , jesus be more vulnerable to criticism than darwin , because once an error be find , then he could not be the true god .
after the collapse of saddam hussein 's dictatorial regime , iraqi religious force have enter a period of revitalization and expansion ,
although the distribution system of the new legislative power in iraq have generally take care of the interest of all party , and find a relatively reasonable balance point among all ethnic group and sect -- otherwise a management committee , the interim constitution , and the current interim government would not have be successfully generate -- this do not mean that there be no contradiction among them .
from an internal point of view , shiites and kurds tend to see eye to eye on the political and economic benefit , and iraqi politics have almost become the arena of these two faction ,
although under the balance of interest some of sunni political figure be involve in politics , what the sunni radical group be most concern about be that the shiites would turn around and suppress them in the future .
in february of this year , a radical sunni organization attack the ali mosque , which be the religious shrine of shiite muslims , and this lead to the eruption of the conflict between iraq 's two largest party .
the assassination of the lebanese minister of industry have trigger off angry protest from supporter , plunge lebanon into yet another precarious situation .
in merely two short year , this minister be the fifth senior official to be assassinate ; this show that even after the force withdrawal of israeli troop , long - suffer lebanon still have n't usher in the peace that it hope for yet .
the unite state claim that the syrian government be the murderer , but syria retort by say that the accusation be " totally without foundation , and in disregard of fact . "
at this moment , the real murderer be probably titter , but the world have clearly see that any one of the regime of lebanese and iraqi be more fragile than the other .
the western media say that in the " post @-@ bush " garbage era , country like iraq , syria , and lebanon will encounter a lot more good show or terrible tragedy .
and the people believe that .
it be uncertain whether the canadian prime minister have take the political equivalent of viagra , or have lose his mind due to political bias , but he " lose his temper " several time in china during apec , and almost mess up his meet with president hu .
fortunately president hu be magnanimous enough not to take it to heart , and give him the honor of a 15 - minute meet .
however , when this fellow return to his own country , he boast recklessly by say that his meet with president hu have " important historical significance , " and even exaggerate by claim it as his " major diplomatic achievement . "
but those canadian opponent already disgruntle with him , see through his trick , could immediately tell that the meeting that president hu have such as with bush , abe , and putin all last over an hour ; a mere 15 - minute meet with you -- exclude the pleasantry and translation -- be no different from an extended hand - shake .
this early morning the soccer match between the chinese women 's team and the korean team have indeed make me excite , i be surprise by the match 's brilliance , and i also gain a new understand of the korean team .
they attack swiftly and fearlessly and coordinated with tacit understand , but look back at the chinese women 's soccer team , it be in an inferior position either in time - control or coordination .
we lose this game with no complaint .
but look at the match between the chinese men 's soccer team and the iranians , that goal -- the insult , provocative , and perverse goal -- make me question the quality of the iranian team and even of the people in that country .
the chinese team show their gut during this game ; they manifest the courage and fight spirit of chinese people .
we do not shy away from the powerful iranian team , but do our best ; it be n't until after an overtime and two round of penalty kick that we then regretfully lose the match .
let us remember the iranian team , remember this iranian player who score this goal -- borhani .
the ioc warrior return to our motherland with hope .
i believe there will eventually be a day when we will -- avenge
[] a high school teacher teach chemistry in the unite kingdom have appeal to the department of education to allow the view and theory that god create everything and intellectual life create the world to be introduce into school to be teach to student together along with darwin 's theory of evolution , which have be dominate the scientific community since the 19 th century , and let student judge between right and wrong for themselves .
[] the long - stand policy of british department of education have be that the theory such as god 's creation be " unsuitable " for primary and secondary education .
[] critic have point out that some scholar from non @-@ english country actually have long mistranslate evolution theory and misinterpret darwin 's original intent , and the translation itself have a natural development from low to high level , a falsehood with almost religious bearing .
[] also some western scholar - such as paleontologist and archaeologist from the unite kingdom , france , and germany in the 19 th and 20 th century - have long make use of the distorted theory of evolution and social darwinism derived from the argument to attempt to prove their point that certain race be more advanced than others .
xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 23 rd
accord to taiwan 's " ministry of economy " statistic , the volume of trade between mainland and taiwan last year be 20.9 billion us dollar .
of this volume , the value of taiwan 's export to the mainland be 17.8 billion us dollar , have increase by 20 percent compare with last year ; the import value be 3.1 billion us dollar , have increase by 74 percent compare with last year .
taiwan 's surplus in trade between the two shore be 14.7 billion us dollar .
statistic also reveal that taiwanese business investment in the mainland be tend to increase .
last year , the number of investment proposal present by taiwanese business and approve by taiwan authority totaled 490 , with a value of 1.092 billion us dollar .
the number of investment project drop by 444 as compare with last year , but the value of investment rise by more than 130 million us dollar as compare with last year .
( end )
xinhua news agency , yichang , march 8 th , by reporter yongfeng shi
the three gorge project on the yangtze river have recently introduce the first foreign capital .
the loan , a sum of 12.5 million us dollar , be an export credit provide to the three gorge project by the canadian government , which will be use mainly for the management system of the three gorge project .
the project management system of the three gorge project will introduce scientific management method and advanced computer technology of the mai corp. of canada , which use the project database management system as the core component in its control and management of the whole process of design , plan , contract , finance , goods and material , equipment , construction and installation of each subproject of the three gorge project .
in october of 1995 , youmei lu , the general manager of the three gorge project development corporation of china , go to canada to sign the related business contract .
this export credit project be entrust to the bank of china as the acting bank , and its commercial agent be the china electronics import and export corporation .
on february 28 th , the three gorge branch of the bank of china sign the agreement contract with the yangtze river three gorge project development corporation of china to transfer the loan of the project .
( end )
xinhua news agency , rangoon , march 17 th , by reporter yunfei zhang
this afternoon the myanmaran and thai government sign an agreement on border trade between their two country here .
banharn silpa - archa , prime minister of thailand , who arrive at myanmar this morning to pay a visit , and than shwe , chairman of the state law and order restoration council and prime minister of myanmaran government , chair the sign ceremony .
tonji , minister of the myanmaran ministry of trade , and gerson gersoncy , minister of the ministry of foreign affair of thailand , sign the agreement on behalf of each country respectively .
since 1988 , myanmar have sign border trade agreement with china , india and bengal .
myanmaran official reveal that the total trade volume between myanmar and thailand exceed 300 million us dollar in 1995 .
banharn be the first prime minister of thailand to visit myanmar since the latter half of 1980 .
it be think that the purpose of this visit be to improve and develop the relationship between the two country , to strengthen bilateral economic and trade co @-@ operation and to expand thailand 's investment in myanmar .
yesterday and today , the myanmaran government reopen three main trade port locate in the border area of myanmar and thailand that be close last year .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 18 th
general electric of the us and the southwest medical equipment factory of the medical appliance industry company of china recently sign a contract to jointly invest 6 million us dollar to establish a joint venture enterprise in chengdu .
it be report that this be the 14 th joint venture enterprise to be establish in china by the investment by general electric .
at present , the total amount of investment of ge in china have reach 150 million us dollar .
this new enterprise , name chengdu general medical equipment ( southwest ) co. , ltd. , will be engage mainly in develop , produce , manufacture , assemble and market x @-@ ray equipment for medical diagnose purpose , in import and export trade , consultation and technical cooperation , etc .
apart from set up joint venture enterprise , ge also invest more than 1 billion us dollar in china by mean of airplane and container lease .
ge now have more than 8,000 employee in china .
moreover , in 1994 , ge purchase more than 40 million us dollar in product in china , and plan to increase purchase volume of chinese product in the next two year .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 23 rd , by reporter wen chao
approve by the bank of china , five insurance company such as the taikang life insurance stock company ltd. , etc. , be anxiously prepare to be establish .
it be find that among the five insurance company to be recently establish , three be national and two be regional .
dongsheng chen , director of the preparatory office of taikang life insurance company , ltd. , say that the company will be establish accord to the modern enterprise system , that it be initiate by china international travel service , and the china foreign trade transportation head company , etc. , and that it will raise 500 million yuan rmb as enterprise juridical person 's capital stock .
there be 26 insurance company now in china and more than one hundred overseas insurance company that have establish administrative organization in china .
people in insurance circle say that as china 's insurance market gradually open to the outside world , it be extremely important to develop national insurance business quickly .
the five insurance company approve to be establish this time can be say to be a big move .
( end )
xinhua news agency , washington , dc , april 20 , by wire ( reporter qian ying )
the chinese branch of the american chamber of commerce recently dispatch a delegation make up of twenty - five people launch a month - long lobby campaign in washington direct at congress and the white house , ask them to continue to extend grant china most - favored - nation trade status .
the chamber of commerce delegate participate in this lobby campaign come from many well - know in washington , large american company , such as dow jones , at&t , ibm , boeing , mcdonald douglas , general electric , westinghouse , ford , and the xian ni lei de group , etc .
they split into five group and altogether visit about 150 member of congress , congressional aide , and government official , use their experience of invest in and manage enterprise in china to explain the necessity of extend give china most - favored - nation trade status .
with the once - a - year deliberation by the american administration and congress concern the question of china 's most - favored - nation trade status again approach , american business in washington be universally concern that the dispute among america 's political party in this big election year could make this question even more complicated , hence the organization of group to carry out a lobby campaign direct at them that be organize and be plan .
zhen wang , a businessman of chinese descent who be represent the guangzhou chapter of the american chamber of commerce and the xian ni lei de group and be participate in the lobby team , say to this reporter that , as a follow - up action to this lobby effort , he prepare to mobilize ten of thousand of distributor who belong to the company to write to their local congressional representative to support extend china 's most - favored - nation trade status .
the head of the guangdong branch of the american chamber of commerce , the attorney yonghua kang , say the clinton administration have already demonstrate that it want to extend china 's most - favored - nation trade status and because of this , the focus of this round of lobby be those member of congress who be more conservative .
( end )
xinhua news agency , hong kong , december 1 st
today , jianhua dong , chief executive of the hong kong sar , express welcome to " the 1998 economic freedom index report " issue by the american traditional foundation which believe that hong kong continue to be the freest economic system in the world .
dr. holmes , vice president of the american traditional foundation , and clowich , vice president of the dow - jones company lead a high level delegation comprise of the traditional foundation and the " wall street journal " to submit the result of the report to jianhua dong this morning .
the report by the traditional foundation and the " wall street journal " confirm that the hong kong 's economic structure have remain unchanged since return to china .
the traditional foundation say that this index have sometimes be use by investor as an investment guide .
when comment on the index , jianhua dong say that hong kong have be the freest economic system in the world for four year run .
he stress that hong kong would make effort to maintain free trade and strengthen hong kong 's economic competitiveness .
( end )
in the title and one of the paragraph of the draft no. ( cb003011 ) " a talk on the achievement and future of finance reform by dezhu gao , vice president of the people 's bank of china " broadcast today , the phrase " vice president of the people 's bank of china " should be change to " vice president of the bank of china " ( two place in all ) .
foreign department of xinhua news agency , december 11 th .
xinhua news agency , tianjin , december 25 th , by reporter jianchang li and intern suhong ge
tianjin , the largest coastal city in northern china , while attract foreign merchant investment , also encourage enterprise to invest and build factory overseas .
at present , the number of tianjin enterprise of various type that have overseas investment exceed 300 , and the total investment value exceed 100 million us dollar .
accord to report from the committee of foreign economy and trade of tianjin , these more than 300 overseas enterprise be involve in industry such as import and export trade , production and process , medical treatment and health , tourism , cater , engineer contract , etc. , and be spread over more than sixty country and region .
the cater industry be one of the key overseas investment of tianjin .
the " medicinal diet " establish in singapore by tianjin attract the attention of local political figure .
the famous tianjin snack shop , goubuli steam bun , establish special permit franchise chain shop in country such as japan , korea , us , etc .
it be report that next year the committee of foreign economy and trade of tianjin will continue to adopt measure to organize and guide a number of enterprise overseas to invest and build factory .
currently , this city have already establish a relevant database to provide investment partner and project through chinese embassy and institution in foreign country , and foreign embassy and institution in china .
( end )
on the occasion of the 30 th anniversary of the establishment of asean , the head of the nine asean country and the head of china , japan and south korea hold an informal meet in kuala lumpur , capital of malaysia , on the 15 th .
the next day , the head of china , japan and south korea hold informal meeting again with the head of the asean country separately .
this informal meet of head of eastern asian country , the first time in history , be a good start .
after the end of the cold war , asean confront new international and regional situation and comprehensively adjust its development strategy and foreign relation strategy , and increasingly become a cooperative organization in the southeast asia region based on economic cooperation and integrate politics , economy and security .
asean , with china , japan and south korea , strengthen their cooperation and jointly plan development , become a force that hold the balance .
therefore , the hold of the informal meet of head of the country in eastern asia possess important significance in promote cooperation between all country , in safeguard regional and global security , and in accelerate the development towards world multi @-@ polarization .
the development of country can not be separate from the region , and that of the region can not be separate from the globe .
discard old concept and establish new international political and economic order conform with the main trend of the time in which people of all country demand peace , request development , seek stability and promote cooperation .
to correctly understand the relationship between economic development , political stability , social harmony and national security , to diligently promote all country , region and the whole world to travel on the road of peaceful development , to jointly discuss east asian economic cooperation in the 21 st century and forecast the future development of eastern asia be subject be discuss at this informal meet of head of state in eastern asia .
peace be a precondition to economic development .
without a peaceful environment , any construction undertake would be impossible to discuss .
only when long - term peace be realize can the realization of sustain development be possible .
therefore it be necessary to breed a new kind of security concept and to seek new method to safeguard peace .
to establish relation between country on the basis of the five principle , namely mutual respect of sovereignty and integrity of territory , non @-@ aggression , non @-@ interference in internal affair , equality and mutual benefit , and peaceful coexistence , be the political basis and precondition for global and regional security .
that all country strengthen their mutual benefit and cooperation in the field of economy , open up to each other , eliminate inequality and discriminatory policy in economic and trade transaction , gradually narrow the development gap between country and strive for joint prosperity be the economic basis for global and regional security .
that all country promote mutual understand and trust through dialogue and cooperation , and promise to settle dispute and conflict between country in peaceful way be a realistic way to ensure peace and security .
this year some country in eastern asia encounter financial turmoil and have have some difficulty in their economic development , but the economic basis of east asian country be still good and advantageous factor for economic development still exist .
in the course of this meet , leader of east asian country unanimously support the suggestion to expand local trade and investment .
it be believe that after review experience and implement proper adjustment , the economy of eastern asia will definitely continue to move forward in development .
the east asian country be not entirely without conflict and dispute .
but in order to safeguard fundamental benefit to the people of all east asian country , and to promote the lofty cause of peace and development for mankind , we must progressively strengthen the east asian cooperation .
chairman zemin jiang solemnly elaborate on china 's stand at this meet .
he emphatically point out that " we should uphold the principle of mutual respect , equal participation , mutual benefit , and co @-@ development ; we should strengthen cooperation in economy and technology , especially in the field of new high level technology , and establish reasonable regional economic structure , and form a mode of economic cooperation on the basis of learn from others ' strength and offset others ' weakness , and mutual benefit from advantage , balance interest , and practicing non @-@ exclusiveness and non @-@ discrimination ; and we should strengthen trust , broaden common understand , seek common point while maintain difference , and resolve dispute appropriately through friendly dialogue and consultation to guarantee the region 's peace and stability . "
everything be difficult at the very begin .
with this good start , people have good reason to believe that the coordination and cooperation between east asian country will certainly show more hopeful prospect in the near future .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , dec. 17 , by wire ( reporter anding li )
a few day ago , the national plan commission , the national economic and trade commission and the national development bank consider and approve the technical transformation project of chongqing 's chang'an auto stock co. , ltd. to a production capacity of 150,000 chang'an auto luxury car .
the total investment value of this compact car project be 4.3 billion yuan and by the end of 1999 , it will first reach a production capability of 100,000 car and 180,000 engine , and by the end of 2001 have a production capability of 150,000 luxury car and 240,000 engine .
from january to november of this year , a total number of 100,000 chang'an compact car have be produce , increase by 54.9 % compare to the same period last year .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 18 th
recently , when talk about hong kong 's prospect and the taiwan issue , qichen qian , vice premier of state council and minister of foreign affair , say that the central government be always fully confident of hong kong 's prospect .
at the same time , he hope that taiwan authority would follow the trend of historical development and take opportunity to make active response and wise choice for the political negotiation between both side of the taiwan strait .
qichen qian make the above comment while he talk about international situation and china 's foreign affair of 1997 at an interview with a reporter from the people 's daily .
qichen qian say that in the nearly half year since the return of hong kong everything be do in an orderly fashion by the special administrative region 's government , and that the guidelines of " one country , two system " , " administration of hong kong by hong kong people " and " a high degree of autonomy " be implement effectively .
the special administrative region of hong kong maintain a good phase of prosperity and stabilization .
qichen qian say that we be always fully confident of hong kong 's prospect .
the central government and the people of the whole country always give strong back to the special region 's government and the compatriot of hong kong .
we believe that hong kong could continue to maintain its position as a free port and a center of international finance , trade and ship , and to keep its long - term prosperity and stability .
qichen qian also make a comment on the fact that begin this year , the taiwan authority continue to practice the so - call " practical diplomacy " , advocate that taiwan be a so - call " independent sovereign state " , and actively set up obstacle in the negotiation between both side of the strait .
he say that accomplish the complete unification of the motherland be the common wish of all the chinese people throughout the country and abroad .
since hong kong 's return to the motherland , relation between both side of the strait have draw greater attention .
but the development of the separatist trend on taiwan have greatly hinder the process of peaceful reunification .
we hope taiwanese authority conform to the historical development trend , and take opportunity to make active response and wise choice for political negotiation between both side of the strait .
( end )
huiliang bai , director of the national pharmaceutical management bureau office say that the area of pharmaceutical industry in which china encourage foreign business to invest be : those that can meet the need of domestic and foreign market , upgrade product level , expand foreign sale , increase export and foreign currency earnings ; enterprise that can produce medicine that can not be produce by china but be urgently need ; those that can introduce domestically need advanced technology to reform old enterprise ; those that can introduce new high level technology , patent technology and product ; and those that bring advance management experience .
he say that apart from investment , the chinese government also welcome cooperation of foreign pharmaceutical enterprise to cooperate with china in other way , such as compensation trade , license trade , third party process , technology transfer , and joint development of new product .
( end )
xinhua news agency , washington , dc , december 21 , by wire ( reporter jingsheng zhai )
on the 21 st , the international monetary fund release here a provisional assessment report , and once again lower its forecast for the speed of growth of the world economy for this year and next year .
the report hold that the effect that the asian bank crisis be have on the world economy be even more serious than previously estimate .
it estimate that for the world economy this year 's rate of growth would be 4.1 % , next year fall to 3.5 % , and that this year be the year with the slowest growth in the last 5 year .
compare to the forecast that the above - mention organization publish in october , this be lower by 0.1 and 0.8 percentage point , respectively .
the imf furthermore lower the forecast of next year 's economic growth for a large number of region and country .
accord to its newest estimate , the rate of economic growth of industrialized country this year will be 3.9 % and next year it will be 3.6 % .
among them , america 's rate of economic growth next year will fall from this year 's 3.8 % down to 2.4 % , and japan 's rate of economic growth next year will be only 1.1 % .
the economic growth of such country as korea , thailand , indonesia , malaysia , and the philippines all will clearly slow down .
the imf also make a new forecast for trend in world trade in commodity and labor .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 22 nd , by reporter tong qian
the reporter learn from the conference of head of chemical industry office ( bureaus ) that convene in beijing today that china 's chemical industry turn loss into gain in june and that , accord to estimate , the annual profit and tax would achieve 18 billion yuan .
among province and region of the whole country , there be 27 province , autonomous region and municipality directly under the central government whose chemical gross output value increase somewhat compare with last year .
she say in her presentation that the whole industry annually produce 27.2 million ton of chemical fertilizer , among which carbamide output be 23 million ton , increase by 12 % , and meet the requirement of agricultural development relatively well .
she say that the progress in the construction of key chemical project be comparatively quick .
it be possible to annually complete an investment of 31.8 billion yuan for the fix asset in chemical , and to complete 15 large and medium - sized chemical project to put into production .
she believe that relatively large progress have be make in state - own chemical enterprise reform .
in the transformation into the joint - stock system , 48 state - own chemical enterprise have become list company raise fund of 15 billion yuan , activate reserve asset , and optimized industrial structure .
she especially emphasize the further expand of the chemical import and export trade this year , chemical export hopefully reach 15 billion us dollar , increase by 21 % over the same period last year , and total annual import and export volume could reach 34 billion us dollar , increase by 10.7 % over last year .
she say that the chemical industry 's 1998 annual gross output value could reach 300 billion yuan , continuously maintain 8 % growth .
chemical export would strive to reach 16 billion us dollar with a chemical product production and market rate of 97 % .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 25 th , by reporter yongjian lu
the latest news from the ministry of foreign economy and trade say that , up through the end of november of this year , china approve establish a total of the 302,464 foreign investment enterprise .
at present , china have preliminarily form a variety of method to utilize foreign investment and the capital come from more than 170 country and region .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 25 th
china 's state council recently appoint and dismiss a number of national staff .
( end )
xinhua news agency , moscow , january 8 th
( end )
foreign trade over the year show the follow characteristic :
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 11 th , by reporter kun li and kai li
the economic and trade exchange between the inland and hong kong show a trend of rapid , healthy and steady development in 1997 .
the statistic from china 's custom bureau show that , by november of 1997 , the total volume of import and export between hong kong and the inland be 45.085 billion us dollar , account for 15.7 % of the total volume of import and export of the inland , increase 27 % over the same period last year ; among which export to hong kong by the inland be 38.913 billion us dollar , increase 36.2 % over the same period last year ; and import from hong kong by the inland be 6.172 billion us dollar , decrease 10.7 % over the same period last year .
ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation official in charge of the economic and trade exchange with hong kong say that , the growth rate of import and export and the growth rate of export to hong kong by the inland be far higher than the growth rate of import and export and the growth rate of export of the inland ( at a rate of 14 % and 23.2 % ) over the same period , and be one of the inland region with the fastest export growth .
at present , hong kong be the second largest trade partner and the largest export market of the inland .
regard investment , hong kong be still the primary source of overseas investment attract by the inland .
from january to september of last year , the inland absorb 6,165 project directly invest by hong kong , account for 40.99 % of the country 's total number over the same period , and the agree value of hong kong capital be 11.711 billion us dollar , account for 33.8 % of the country 's total investment over the same period and the actual value of utilize hong kong capital be 15.418 billion us dollar , account for 48.93 % of the country 's total value over the same period .
regard foreign contracted project and cooperation of labor service , the hong kong region be still the most important market of the inland .
from january to november of last year , the inland sign 1,474 new contract for foreign contract project and cooperation of labor service and design consultation in hong kong , with a contract value of 2.094 billion us dollar , a completed turnover of 1.58 billion us dollar and 21,153 man - time of labor service sent to hong kong .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , jan. 11 th , by reporter yuhong qian
the bank of china , the largest foreign exchange bank in china , have good business performance in 1997 , and realize a profit of 6.033 billion yuan for the whole year , of which domestic bank realize a profit of 2.428 billion yuan .
gross profit continually occupy first place amongst every domestic financial organization .
the bank of china actively and steadily promote various operation system reform such as the credit management system , the audit system and the personnel management system , etc. in 1997 , and also perform exploration in the area of establish market operate mechanism .
regard operation , this bank strengthen deposit work , make rmb deposit growth rate come back , at the same time , through method such as sign bank - enterprise cooperation agreement and strengthen service to major client , etc. , develop potential high grade client .
accord to statistic , the balance of deposit in rmb of bank of china reach 591.239 billion yuan last year , the balance of loan for all item in rmb reach 564.452 billion yuan ; the balance of deposit for foreign currency be 35.508 billion us dollar and the balance of loan for all item with cash foreign exchange be 39.787 billion us dollar .
at the same time , the bank of china have also pay attention to bring all advantage into full play , actively develop the work of market ; make the traditional business of international settlement continue to maintain an advantageous position in furious market competition ; and also gain the new development of intermediate service such as foreign exchange settlement and sale , credit card , agent , substitute charge , etc .
it be learn that the amount of foreign exchange settlement and sale of the bank respectively reach 91.07 billion us dollar and 47.1 billion us dollar last year ; the amount of business of international trade settlement be 139.857 billion us dollar for the whole year .
the issue volume of great wall credit card reach 7.8 million , the direct consumption value of credit card for the year be 12 billion yuan , increase 66 % and 17.6 % respectively over the previous year .
( end )
xinhua news agency , helsinki , january 13 th , by reporter huanqing zheng
accord to the latest statistic data publish by finland custom , in 1997 , finland 's export to southeast asia grow by 28 % .
up till october of last year , finland 's export volume to major trade partner , such as hong kong , china , indonesia , thailand , singapore , malaysia etc. , reach 10.7 billion finland mark ( 1 finland mark approximate 0.19 us dollar ) , which be equivalent to gross export of the whole year of 1996 .
the proportion of finland 's export to this region in its total export increase from 1 % ten year ago to 6.2 % .
the main commodity finland export to this region be mechanical and electronic industry product as well as transport equipment , etc .
at the same time , finland 's import from southeast asia grow by 5 % .
in recently year , finland have be keep an obvious trade surplus in this region .
finland custom estimate that , the financial crisis in southeast asia may weaken finland 's export to this region , in particular , the export of electromechanical product would be impact .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 14 th , by reporter zongming zhou
after the successful implementation of a " soft land " , the rumble train of china 's economy be run forward smoothly at high speed .
" proper , quick and stable " growth will become the main theme of this year 's economic development .
official authority reveal that this year the chinese government determine that the economic growth rate be 8 % and price level will be control within 3 % .
this mean that the whole economic operation situation will maintain a healthy pattern of " high growth and low inflation " .
people in economic circle seem to be more optimistic about the economic outlook .
the growth rate , predict by concern expert of the state plan commission , the statistical bureau and the china academy of social science , be mostly 1 to 2 percentage point higher than governmental plan .
of course , to a relatively large extent , this depends on aggregate control of use monetary policy as a primary mean , or in other word , under the major premise of general tighten , how financial control should timely and reasonably conduct fine tune .
moreover , the impact of southeast asia 's financial crisis should not be underestimate .
on the part of the government , the keynote of a moderately tight macro @-@ economic policy will not be change .
the key of the current economy be not strive for a higher growth rate , but be adjust structure and increase benefit so as to make macro control which be implement from the second half year of 1993 obtain greater achievement and push the national economy onto a road of constant , rapid and healthy development .
actually , as main obstacle that restrain economic growth in the past several year -- inflation and the " bottleneck " of basic industry have all be evidently relieve and the macro @-@ economic situation tend to loosen , china 's economic development be in a relatively favorable period .
this year , china plan to create an effective pull force to economic growth through maintain a moderate and stable growth of investment , consumption and export .
fix asset investment will grow by 10 % this year , total volume of retail sale of social consumer product by 10 % and export growth by 8 % .
at the same time , the financial deficit will be reduce by 10 billion yuan .
after bid farewell to the age of " the shortage economy " , relation between commodity 's supply and demand have change from a " buyer ' market " to an integrated " seller ' market " and competition will be intensify .
hence , activate the consumer market , especially the wide rural market , cultivate consumer hotspots and new economic growth point appear to be particularly urgent .
along with comprehensively implement hardship relief measure take towards large and medium - sized state own enterprise , the pace of state own enterprise reform will be accelerate greatly , the dynamic of bankruptcy , merger and asset restructure will be strengthen , and enterprise deficit be estimate to decrease by 20 % and a number of competitive large and medium - sized state own enterprise will gradually form .
however , the large amount of worker layoff that will accompany this will cause unemployment pressure to gradually increase .
china have determine to appropriately place lay - off worker and to strive to control the unemployment rate to within 3.5 % through implementation of a large scale " re @-@ employment " project .
accord to estimate , after three year in a row of bumper harvest , if this year 's measure be effective , agriculture still have hope of achieve a good harvest .
agriculture 's increase production and peasant ' increase revenue will create favorable condition for inhibit commodity price and realize the target of steady economic development .
currently , the degree of dependence on the outside of china 's economy have reach 42 % , and the space of utilize overseas market and resource be in the process of expand , but be more easily subject to the influence of the international environment .
under the circumstance of a relative steady domestic demand , the pull effect of the trend of foreign trade towards economic development be more striking .
take all factor as a whole , this year 's amount of foreign trade will be increase steadily , the import will be increase and the increase speed of the export will be somewhat slow down .
people in economic circle say that china should adopt positive and steady measure to solve outstanding problem in economic operation , and special attention should be give to clear up bad asset in time and strengthen financial risk prevention .
forecast the year of the tiger , although china 's economic train will have up and down , as long as adjust and controlled measure be at the right time and appropriate , it be believe that the train will move steadily along the preset track .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 14 th , by reporter yongjian lu
information from the ministry of foreign trade and economic say that , after high - speed development in previous year , china 's foreign investment attract have enter an adjustment period .
statistic figure show that , from january to november in 1997 , the number and contract sum of recently approve foreign investment project decrease by 15.39 % and 33.52 % respectively over the same period last year , the amount of average foreign investment per project decrease 21.33 % over the same period last year , and the proportion of industrial project in recently approve project also decrease by 5.4 % .
since reform and open up to the outside world , china have be promote attract foreign investment even more as an important part of the basic national policy of open up , the past five year have be five year when foreign merchant ' investment grow fastest , and foreign investment have step into the majority of field of china 's national economy .
the amount of foreign investment actually utilize by china have be increase in successive year , create an historical high in 1997 , and a number of project with particularly intensify technology and fund have appear .
on the other hand , since 1994 and 1995 , the number of recently approve foreign investment project and the contract sum have be continually decrease , which will directly affect china 's foreign investment attraction growth rate in the period to come .
expert concern point out that , after high - speed development in previous year , decelerate of the rate of china attract foreign investment be normal .
however , at the begin of this year , concern party announce that , for project that have foreign invest , and which be in field encourage by china such as the new , high technology industry , infrastructure , etc. , the country would implement certain preferential taxation policy .
accord to estimate , these policy would attract more foreign company to invest in china .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 3 rd
in order to perfect the management of international commercial loan , the national foreign exchange bureau decide to implement a new method of manage international commercial loan borrow by domestic institution from january 1 st this year .
accord to regulation by the national foreign exchange management bureau , international commercial loan indicate loan raise and borrow by domestic institution from financial institution , enterprise , individual or other economic organization abroad , and from foreign - funded financial institution within china 's border , whose contractual repayment obligation be in foreign currency .
export credit , international finance leaseholds , compensation trade with foreign exchange repayment method , overseas institution 's and individual 's foreign exchange deposit ( exclude foreign exchange deposit in bank approve for offshore operation ) , project finance , finance under trade project over 90 day and other form of foreign exchange loan will all be treat and manage as international commercial loan .
accord to regulation , the people 's bank of china be the approve authority for international commercial loan borrow by domestic institution , the people 's bank of china have authorize the national foreign exchange management bureau to be specifically responsible for the approval , supervision and management of commercial loan by domestic institution .
all international commercial loan borrow by domestic institution should be approve by the national foreign exchange management bureau .
international business loan that have not be approve but be sign on their own authority will not be valid , the foreign exchange management bureau will not process the registration of foreign debt , bank be not allow to open exclusive foreign debt account for them , loan principal and interest be not to be remit out on their own authority .
the national foreign exchange management bureau clearly stipulate in the new method that , domestic institution borrow international commercial loan externally be only limit to : china - capital financial institution approve by the foreign exchange management bureau to operate foreign exchange loan business ; juridical people of non @-@ financial corporation approve by the state department 's authorization department .
juridical people of non @-@ financial institution who borrow international commercial loan directly must possess these several condition , that be , have continual profit for the last three year , have import and export business permission , belong to a national encouraged industry ; possess a complete financial management system ; must have a ratio of net asset to total asset not lower than 15 % for juridical people of trade - type non @-@ financial corporation , must have ratio of net asset to total asset not lower than 30 % for juridical people of non trade - type non @-@ financial corporation ; must have a total sum of international business loan borrow and foreign guarantee surplus not exceed 50 % of net asset 's equivalent foreign exchange worth ; must have total of foreign exchange loan and foreign exchange guarantee surplus not exceed the amount of exchange create in the previous year .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 16 , by wire ( reporter wenxin fan )
kazuo nakamura , director of research at japan 's dai - ichi kangyo bank , say here today that the real growth rate of the world economy in 1998 will be about 3 % .
kazuo nakamura , at a public lecture jointly organize by beijing 's wu jia economic consult company , ltd. and japan 's dai - ichi kangyo bank , make a report concern the new year 's world economic and financial situation .
after he review the world economic and financial situation of ' 97 , he say that due to the economic growth in asia , include japan , further slow down , the economic growth of america , even though its current economic activity be relatively good , and of other country will also feel a very large effect .
compare with the rapid growth of the past , the world economy have enter a period of adjustment .
he forecast that the real growth rate for the world economy this year would fall from the 3.9 % of ' 97 down to 3 % .
nakamura think that the rate of economic growth of asia 's country and region , with korea and thailand be the most prominent , would slide downward to a large extent .
but , he say , for these country the currency already have devalue to a great degree , export have recover , and import could decrease .
because of this , he expect that their economy would slip downward to the lowest point in the next half year .
he estimate that the rate of economic growth in asean would be about 4.5 percent .
nakamura say that the japanese economy exhibit negative growth in the year ' 97 , and that in ' 98 , if it do n't adopt good economic policy , the economy would continue to be in negative growth .
he estimate it would be negative 0.5 percent , plus or minus .
he say further that china 's economic growth would also slow in speed , feel the effect of the economy of japan and asia be depress and of the devaluation of these country ' currency .
but because china 's usual income and expenditure show a favorable balance , and in addition it have over 100 billion us dollar in foreign exchange reserve , it be n't likely to sink into the crisis like the other asian nation .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , january 16 th , by reporter xingtang xu and yuhong qian
the president of the people 's bank of china , xianglong dai say , china would continue to implement financial policy open to the outside .
xianglong dai emphasize at the national and foreign reporter news press conference hold today that , china would not give up on financial policy open to the outside because of financial turmoil occur in some country in southeast asia .
he say , another group of foreign bank and insurance company have establish branch institution in china last year , and that by year end , the number of business orient financial institution establish in china with foreign capital have reach more than 170 .
henceforth , the number of branch institution of foreign bank and insurance company in china would also suitably increase , and at the same time would also prepare to expand experimentation of foreign bank handle rmb business .
at the same time , he also emphasize that , henceforth , more careful management of condition of foreign financial institution ' application to operate business in china and qualification of senior staff , and the legality of their business would be implement .
he say , as there never be a schedule for exchangeability under rmb capital project , therefore the process of delay the process due to the southeast asian financial crisis do not exist .
however , in the area of open up capital project , the lesson learn from the financial crisis in southeast asia will be assimilate , and a more careful attitude will be adopt .
( end )
xinhua news agency , wuhan , january 17 th , by reporter hui liu
wuhan , in hubei province , locate in the center of china 's interior , will , in the future , put emphasis on utilize foreign capital in the area of the high - tech industry , basic industry , infrastructure construction , agricultural development , etc .
shouhai wang , the mayor of wuhan , say to reporter recently that foreign merchant invest in the reconstruction of old city and residential house construction will receive preferential policy , and also encourage foreign merchant to trustee large - and medium - sized state - own enterprise .
accord to presentation , wuhan will further improve the invest environment .
among which , the wuhan tianhe airport have obtain permission to open up to foreign register aircraft and have be appoint as one of the key hinge of air transportation in the nation .
the third bridge over the yangtze rive have also start construction .
the telephone capacity of the whole city have now already reach 1.8 million handsets .
( end )
xinhua news agency , abidjan , january 18 th , by reporter daocheng linghu
ivory coast 's economy and finance minister engelan say here on the 17 th that , the economy of each member country of the west africa economic and currency union obviously recover growth , and main economic composition show good condition .
engelan say at the economy figure colloquium , organize by the france - ivory coast merchant club , that the economic growth rate of each member state of the west africa economic and currency union have already recover 5.9 % in 1996 , increase to 6.3 % in 1997 , while this growth rate in 1994 be only 2.6 % .
he say , in recent year each west african nation have also greatly improve import and export deficit and the public investment situation , drastically increase trade surplus ; at the same time significantly reduce budget deficit to only 1.3 % of each country 's gross domestic product .
when talk about the effect on the african franc ( cfa franc ) by the european union 's prepare implementation of a european common currency system , engelan express that , people do not need to worry for the cfa franc 's future .
he say , because the economic growth of each country of the west africa economic and currency union have already obviously recover in the short term , it be impossible for the cfa franc to drastically depreciate like the 50 % depreciation of january 1994 .
( end )
xinhua news agency , shenyang , january 19 th , by reporter jianzhen dong
in liaoning , the old industrial base of china , 21.8 yuan of every 100 yuan of fix asset investment be utilize from foreign capital .
fix asset investment utilize foreign capital have account for more than 1 / 5 of this province 's total fix asset investment .
this be what guozhu gao , provincial vice @-@ governor of liaoning province , mention at the provincial foreign investment utilization work conference hold recently .
during the six year from 1992 to 1997 , foreign investment actually transfer in have approach 13 billion us dollar , account for 21.8 % of the total fix asset investment in the same period .
guozhu gao say : " for liaoning , an old industrial base , which be implement large - scale transformation of the old industrial base , but be also poorly - fund , utilize foreign investment have become one of the main drive force in economic development . "
during the six year , nearly 6000 foreign - invest enterprise have go into operation and production in liaoning , and have accumulatively actualized a production value of nearly 270 billion yuan .
in 1997 , the annual production value of foreign - invest enterprise break through 60 billion yuan , the proportion of annual production value of foreign - invest enterprise in provincial industrial production value have increase from 5 % in 1992 to 17 % .
utilize foreign investment vigorously propel liaoning 's economic development , and promote social stability .
guozhu gao mention that , in 1997 , tax revenue from foreign - invest enterprise in liaoning reach 3 billion yuan , and the proportion account for provincial industrial and commercial tax revenue have rise from 3 % in 1992 to more than 10 % .
out of the operate foreign - invest enterprise in liaoning , the number of directly place employee have reach more than 600,000 , and have become one of the important channel in solve the employment problem .
the area in which liaoning utilize foreign investment have be expand from medium and small - sized process project to the four pillar industry for old industrial base transformation purpose : the petrochemical industry , the metallurgical industry , the mechanical industry , the electronic industry , etc. and such industry as agriculture , real estate , infrastructure , energy , finance , etc .
guozhu gao say : " co @-@ operative area between foreign company and liaoning be still expand constantly . "
method of utilize foreign investment have show a trend of diversified development .
guozhu gao mention that , the shenyang - dalian highway company , ltd. , co @-@ operate with foreign investment , with a total investment of 4.9 billion yuan , have be approve by the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation .
china 's largest iron and steel company , the anshan iron and steel corporation , have be list in hong kong for h - share transaction .
the dalian wadian group , have be list for issue b - share , and have raise fund of 390 million us dollar .
liaoning be actively adopt new measure of utilize foreign investment , such as develop the list of new share , property right transfer , asset lease , etc .
( end )
xinhua news agency , washington , january 20 th , by reporter hongqi li
vice @-@ minister of china 's external trade and economic co @-@ operation ministry and concurrent chief negotiation representative yongtu long express in washington on the 20 th that the two country , the us and china , must co @-@ operate closely , in an active and realistic spirit , appropriately manage trade imbalance between the us and china and other trade dispute , to create good external condition for further development of healthy and stable economic and trade relation between the two country .
yongtu long make the above statement during a speech hold by the us - asian foundation .
he say , current world economic globalization be develop deeply , investment flow be faster than trade flow , overseas investment and sale volume of large western country have greatly exceed local import value , the proportion of foreign investment replace direct import be significantly increase .
under these circumstance , use scientific method to implement trade statistic be important , and continue use of traditional trade income and expense balance method to gauge the trade relation between country be already diverge from reality .
during his speech , he quote the conclusion from the latest research report by an american expert group regard the sino - american trade statistic problem .
the report be write by famous expert and scholar from the us 's harvard university and the university of california after nearly six month of research .
it clearly analyzed the sino - american economy and trade relation development situation in 1995 , point out that after exclude various factor such as hong kong 's transfer trade , etc. , the us trade volume with china that year be between 15.6 to 21.6 billion us dollar , drastically lower than the statistical data of 34 billion us dollar announce officially by the us .
at the same time , yongtu long point out that the chinese side understand the concern of the american side over sino - american trade imbalance .
the chinese side will adopt active and practical step to further reduce tariff , reduce non @-@ tariff management measure , improve market entry condition and increase import from the us .
at the same time , the chinese side also hope the american side will relax restriction over the export of chinese high - tech product , gradually jointly realize a trade balance between the two country use positive method , to create condition for the healthy and stable development of sino - american economy and trade relation .
yongtu long come to washington from boston on the 18 th to participate in speech .
he will fly to san francisco on the afternoon of the 20 th to participate in another round of speech .
hawaii will be the last stop of his nine - day us trip .
( end )
xinhua news agency , tianjin , january 21 , by wire ( reporter jianchang li and hongbo zhu )
the latest statistical data announce here indicate that taiwanese merchant who invest in tianjin achieve good operate result in 1997 .
of the more than 420 taiwanese - capital corporation that start operation last year , for the period from january to november , sale revenue reach 6.7 billion yuan rmb , with corporation profit of 200 million yuan rmb and export of 150 million us dollar .
accord to presentation by director of tianjin government 's taiwanese affair office , up to the end of 1997 , the total number of taiwanese capital corporation tianjin approve to establish have reach 1271 , the agree investment value be nearly 2.285 billion us dollar , and the agree taiwanese capital be 1.85 billion us dollar .
this director say , in the period from 1996 to 1997 , three tianjin taiwanese capital corporation , namely dingyi food , fujin carpentry , and xinbaotianyang be list of corporation in the selection of china 's largest 500 three - capital corporation .
among these , the dingxin international company , which be famous in china for produce " chef kang " instant noodle , have 1997 operate revenue reach over 5 billion rmb .
fujin carpentry company , which start in the wood process industry in tianjin , have successively implement graft reform of more than 20 state - own corporation in the motherland mainland in recent year , chart a route of expand inexpensively and develop rapidly , become the " fujin phenomenon " widely commend in the economic arena .
director of tianjin 's taiwanese affair department , gengxin qu say , although there be a slow down in the growth rate of taiwanese merchant ' investment in tianjin due to the hindrance of taiwanese authority last year , result in only 94 recently approve taiwanese capital corporation and the total agree investment value reach 250 million us dollar which be both lower than that achieve in the previous year , but the quality and technological standard of investment both have further improvement .
currently , the average scale of taiwanese capital corporation invest in tianjin have already reach 25 billion us dollar , and high - tech corporation increase significantly .
this show that the motherland 's political and economic situation have stabilize , and the investment environment have further improve and the vast market still possess tremendous attraction for taiwanese merchant .
he say , last year tianjin city adopt a series of measure to improve the investment environment of taiwanese merchant in tianjin .
last year , tianjin 's people 's stand committee implement check on the implementation situation of tianjin 's first local taiwanese - related regulation , " tianjin 's method of implement the people 's republic of china taiwanese compatriot investment protection law " , promote the fulfillment of regulation in area such as the right of taiwanese compatriot ' invest in tianjin , enjoy preferential policy and treatment of the city 's people , and the government 's protection measure for taiwanese - capital corporation , etc .
a taiwanese merchant investment district have be establish within tianjin 's economic and technology development district , provide convenience for taiwanese merchant invest in tianjin such as more preferential condition and more circumspect service .
tianjin have establish a director of the taiwanese affair office reception day system , in time handle the difficulty in taiwanese capital corporate operation .
these measure increase the attractiveness of tianjin to taiwanese merchant .
( end )
china 's national development bank strive to expand international financial transaction
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 6 th , by reporter haikuan lu
accord to what official from china 's national development bank reveal , by the end of last year , the bank have provide finance of foreign exchange for 24 national key project totally , among which 18 have finish the sign contract , with a total foreign contracted amount of about 3.4 billion us dollar .
this political bank , which have be establish only three year , raise a loan of 100 million us dollar from bank syndicate for shandong 's qilu ethylene 's transformation and expansion project through the asia industry bank association organization , and undertook the foreign finance of project such as the first group of 14 water wheel set on the left bank of the dam of the yangtze river three gorge water power station project , the qinshan nuclear power station expansion project , the ling'ao nuclear power station , the yellow river xiaolangdi water conservancy hub , and the ertan water power station .
on this basis , the loan quality of the development bank be secure and achieve better economic benefit .
by the end of last year , the return rate on loan principal and interest reach 100 % , and realize an accumulative total profit of 10 million us dollar .
the development bank successfully issue samurai bond of 30 billion japanese yen for the first time with a status of a national sovereign - level fund raiser last february in japan , and issue yankee bond of 330 million us dollar on the market in the us at the begin of this year , establish a good image on the international financial market .
currently , the national development bank have already do business such as borrow money among bank , overseas short - term investment , international liquidations and settlement , etc. with financial institution that have a higher credit stand both inside and outside the border .
the us moody company and the japan investor service company give relatively high appraisal for the outstanding achievement of the development bank .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 9 th
the statistic from the general administration of custom show that , last year , china 's trade with japan continue increase , the gross value of import and export reach 60.06 billion us dollar , 4.5 % higher than that of last year , and account for 20.7 % of china 's gross value of foreign trade .
of which , export be 30.88 billion us dollar , and import be 29.18 billion us dollar .
the trade surplus against japan be 1.7 billion us dollar .
japan have , for four year , successively rank first place among china 's foreign trade partner , and the bilateral trade volume last year be 17.22 billion us dollar higher than that of china and the us , china 's second largest trade partner .
accord to presentation , the dependency of china 's export product on the japanese market have be increase annually , but the proportion of import product in the total import volume from japan have fluctuate irregularly ; the development of various trade method be not balance , general trade have decrease , process trade have increase ; while the growth of primary product trade be considerably fast .
last year , export of primary product to japan be 8 billion us dollar , 10.9 % higher than that of the previous year , and import of primary product from japan be 1 billion us dollar , a 4.4 % growth .
the trade of foreign - invest enterprise with japan increase rapidly .
last year , the export of foreign - invest enterprise to japan be 14.9 billion us dollar , up 35.4 % , and account for 48 % of china 's export to japan ; import be 19.5 billion us dollar , up 14.7 % , and account for 67 % of china 's total import value from japan .
( end )
xinhua news agency , shanghai , march 6 , by wire ( reporter hongyang wang )
the property insurance co. of picc , ltd. , today provide an export credit insurance amount of 10.45 million us dollar to the shanghai zhenghua harbor machinery company , ltd. for them to export container crane to brazil .
this be the largest export credit insurance in the shanghai region to date .
this export project include two set of 40 ton dock container crane and 3 set of wheel - type gantry crane .
the brazilian side will pay a deposit of 15 % in advance , with the remain 85 % of payment to be repay in 8 year .
the insurance service provide by property insurance co. of picc this time be to guarantee that the zhenhua company will receive the payment safely accord to contract regulation , in order to reach the goal of support and expand the export of china 's electrical goods .
the system of export credit insurance be a type of convention be use internationally .
the chinese government instruct property insurance co. of picc , ltd. , to start export credit insurance business on behalf of the government , provide domestic export enterprise with insurance such as short - term letter - of - credit and non @-@ letter - of - credit export receipt risk insurance , utilize domestic bank ' buyer credit or seller 's credit to export large - scale accessory equipment , etc. medium to long term export receipt risk insurance , etc .
for this , in 1998 china 's central treasurer allocate 100 million us dollar as risk preparation fund , to be use by the china protection group to launch export credit insurance service .
to date , the property insurance co. of picc have provide national export corporation with more than 5 billion us dollar of export receipt risk insurance , among which be 170,000 project for short term export business and over 40 project for medium to long term project .
( end )
xinhua news agency , tianjin , by reporter xuejie man and correspondent baoli qin
asia 's largest fluorine - free coolant manufacture base - greenkel coolant ( china ) limit company complete construction and go into production recently in tianjin 's development district .
with headquarters establish in canada , greenkel be a large - scale multi @-@ national group company manufacture and sell fluorine - free coolant .
greenkel coolant ( china ) limit company be a joint - venture corporation jointly build by the greenkel group 's northern american company , china 's tianjin development district 's head office and china 's nanfang security company , ltd. with a total investment value of 50 million us dollar , among which the foreign investment value be 41.85 million us dollar .
the company occupy 70,000 square meter , and introduce a complete set of european and american advance production line and test equipment , to produce greenkel 's new series of fluorine - free coolant .
the currently complete first phase project annual production volume that could reach 10,000 ton , completely export for sell overseas , with annual production value reach 200 million us dollar , be the fluorine - free coolant production base that currently have the largest production scale , and the most advanced equipment and technology in asia .
the completion and enter into production of this production base , signify that china 's fluorine - free coolant production have step into the world 's lead rank .
( end )
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , march 7 th , by reporter chunxiao zhao
this reporter learn from the 15 th guangzhou people 's representative congress , that the main target for guangzhou 's national economic social development this year be : to seek speed in stability , to liven up in apprehension , to strengthen management and grow effectively .
this year , china 's macro @-@ economic policy will maintain continuity , stability and require flexibility .
accord to this , guangzhou request that this year the city 's per - capita income grow by 13 % compare with the last year ; industrial add - value grow by 13.5 % ( total industrial output grow by 15 % ) ; agricultural add - value grow by 5.5 % ( total agricultural output grow by 6.5 % ) ; tertiary production value add grow by 13.5 % ; municipal social fix asset investment grow by 11 % ; total amount of social consumable retail grow by 15 % ; foreign trade export grow by 5 % ; import grow by 10 % ; actually utilize foreign investment grow by 8 % ; overall price level of retail goods to be control within 6 % ; financial income within the budget to grow by 10 % , the rate of contribution of technology progress towards industrial economic growth to further increase by 1.8 % on the foundation of last year ; city - township register unemployment rate to be control at below 3 % ; population natural growth rate to be control below 8.2 % . ]
accord to data provide by the guangzhou statistic office , last year , guangzhou complete a gross domestic product of 144.584 billion yuan ; complete industrial add value of 57.348 billion yuan ; agricultural add value of 8.075 billion yuan ; fix asset investment of 65.545 billion yuan ; total social consumable retail amount of 64.432 billion yuan ; foreign trade export value of 6.513 billion us dollar ; actual utilized foreign investment of 2.6 billion us dollar ; and a retail goods price index increase of 4.3 % .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 17 th , by reporter tong qian
china 's railway ministry will use the railway project world bank loan to build a railway specific communication network to link the whole country .
after aggressive competition , the zhongyi international bid company win the bid , and will together with the china electrical import and export affiliation company , provide the railway ministry with a total volume of 220,000 line of program control switch equipment , with a total contract value of close to 20 million us dollar .
railway ministry personnel present that , this network construction be a part of the national railway backbone telecommunication reform project .
after it be build and put into service , it will benefit passenger and goods owner from all over china , include the hong kong and macao region , to check the situation of railway operation via websites , to reserve passenger ticket or goods allocation in advance , and to track departure and arrival location of goods .
in recent year , in the area of infrastructure construction , china have begin to utilize loan from international financial organization to implement international competitive bid procurement .
this procurement be implement follow international convention , finally determine that the program control switch product of shanghai bell , represent by the china electrical import and export affiliation company , have win the bid .
this be also one of the most important order win by china 's domestically manufacture program control switch product .
it be learn that the contract party already hold the signature ceremony yesterday at beijing 's diaoyutai state hotel .
all the equipment will be completely manufacture and install within this year .
( end )
xinhua news agency , tokyo , april 23
the report that be recently publish by the research committee on " china 's future and the asia - pacific economy " under the economic research institute of japan 's economic plan department , say that the fast growth of china 's economy will benefit the development of the asia - pacific region .
this report predict that by the year 2010 , the proportion that china 's economy account for in the world economy will rise from the current 2.5 % to 5 % or 6 % ; the proportion that china 's export account for among total world export will expand from the current 3 % to 10 % .
the report say , china 's rapid economic growth should not be view as a type of threat , but should be view as a positive ingredient help to promote an asia - pacific region fill with life and develop .
the report hope that the japanese government and society would be able to provide co @-@ operation in area such as china 's interior development , environmental control and a full - fledged financial capital market , etc .
the report also point out , due to the technological development and the rise in productivity , the possibility that china will continue to maintain an economic growth rate of 8 % to 10 % in the next 10 plus year , be very great .
( end )
accord to what have be report in the soviet " science and life " magazine , biologist in moscow have discover that a mold element in the cell of plant can not only control the propagation of plasmodium in mosquito , but can also kill mosquito .
this method will not pollute the environment .
biologist mix a mold element in the cell of plant with pearl powder to produce a granulate drug .
this kind of drug can slowly discharge the mold element from the cell of plant in water .
when mosquito fee , they suck the mold element from the cell of plant into their body .
experiment have show that adopt this method can reduce the chance of mosquito transmit malaria down to 1 @/@ 70 th to 1 @/@ 80 th of the original ratio .
( by xinhua news agency )
the soviet union prepare to withdraw soviet troop station in poland start in may of this year and withdraw completely before the middle of 1994 .
this be the suggestion put forward by soviet side in polish - soviet negotiation be hold in warsaw concern issue of the soviet union withdraw troop from poland and russia 's troop go across the border .
currently , there be about 50,000 soviet troop station in poland .
xinhua news agency , paris , february 13 th
accord to what have be show by a public opinion poll publish in france 's " politics weekly " today , 56 % of french people support immediately stop the gulf war and start negotiation to try for the peaceful settlement of the gulf crisis .
xinhua news agency , washington , february 13 th
the american white house admit on the 13 th that when the air force of the multi @-@ national force make air attack on baghdad , the capital of iraq , they cause the death of hundred of civilian in iraq , but insist in believe that what the multi @-@ national force bomb be a military target .
white house spokesman fitzwater say that the us government consider this " really be a tragic outcome " .
but he condemn saddam , the president of iraq for place civilian within a military installation , and place them in a dangerous situation .
he say that the us believe that the target hit be a command and control center for the iraqi army .
this installation " be coat and camouflage to avoid reconnaissance , but the evidence indicate that this be a military target . "
xinhua news agency , london , february 13 th
paoen , the bbc 's reporter station in iraq 's capital , baghdad , attest on the 13 th that no evidence have show that the air - raid shelter bomb in baghdad by american bomber be an iraqi military bunker .
the speech give by pauen in the bbc tv news disprove what the american official have claim that this air - raid shelter be a camouflaged military bunker .
pauen have go to the scene to gather news about the bomb air - raid shelter where around 400 civilian lose their life .
xinhua news agency , habolonei , february 13 th
accord to report from the " star newspaper " of south africa , on the 12 th the african national assembly of south africa and the south africa government make a large breakthrough in resolve the disagreement on both side on the issue of the african national assembly stop arm conflict .
deklerk , president of south africa , and mandela , vice @-@ chairman of the african national assembly , after hold a meet last 11 hour on the 12 th in capetown , issue a joint statement declare that this problem have be resolve and both side have achieve agreement on most view regard this problem and have sign an agreement .
this agreement will be publish after receive approval from the south african cabinet and the national executive council of the african national assembly .
accord to what well - inform source reveal , the african national assembly will stop the majority of military activity , include draft and arm cadre .
this large breakthrough have smooth the way for release prisoner of the state and allow people exile to foreign country to return home .
since the gannan old district start an experimental region for economic structure reform in 1988 , jiangxi 's ganzhou city have achieve very large improvement in infrastructure such as transportation , energy , telecommunications etc. , create condition for development of an outward economy .
the picture show the view of ganzhou city 's new district .
photo take by xinhua news agency reporter , jiwu liu .
resolutely implement the guidelines of self - dependence , fight our way , and build country thriftily .
our country be a large develop socialist country , the stand point of economic construction must be place on the foundation of our own strength .
-- extract from the gazette of the 13 th plenary session of the 7 th committee of the chinese communist party
on the invitation of prime minister mahathir of malaysia , premier peng li arrive in malaysia on the afternoon of december 10 th , 1990 to carry out a friendly official visit .
the picture show premier peng li visit malacca state
picture take by xinhua news agency reporter shengnan li
after mingxia fu win the champion for the women platform dive , the coach of the soviet union team congratulate her warmly .
photo take by xinhua news agency reporter , zhishan cheng .
from the left in the upper picture : hongmin wang , mayor of wuxi , jin hong and huaixi zhang , vice @-@ mayor of wuxi , and huanxing cheng , and assistant commander of the wuxi branch military area be voluntarily donate blood .
in the lower picture : the youth medical staff of wuxi sanitation system be wait to donate blood .
taken by zuowei gu
the " steel eighth company " of a certain unit in the beijing military region have actively organize new soldier to implement colorful cultural and recreational activity , make the soldier feel the warmth of the military camp .
the photo show ganglun tan , the company commander , engage in recreational activity together with new soldier .
taken by weidong liu and guozhong hou .
product of carpet factory of suizhong county , liaoning province , sell well in country and region such as the us , japan , belgium , etc. , and supply fall short of demand .
the naturally colored carpet produce by this factory win the " pegasus " high quality prize award by liaoning province last year .
photo take by this newspaper 's reporter yaxin zhang
chinese young pathfinder mingxia fu win the dive champion of the women 's 10 - meter dive tower at the world swim championship .
photo take by xinhua news agency reporter zhishan cheng ( telephotograph )
xinhua news agency , beijing , september 1 st
on the invitation of president yeltsin of russia , president kuchma of the ukraine and president mitterrand of france , president zemin jiang will leave beijing tomorrow afternoon to begin official and state visit to the above country which will last for 10 day .
zemin jiang 's wife , yeping wang will visit with him .
a brief biography of president zemin jiang and wife yeping wang be as follow :
president zemin jiang be born in yangzhou in jiangsu province in august , 1926 .
in 1943 , he join the student movement lead by an underground party , then join the chinese communist party in april , 1946 , and graduate in 1947 from the department of electric engineer of shanghai jiaotong university .
after the liberation of shanghai , he serve successively as associate engineer , director of the work affair department and head of the workshop , secretary of the factory 's party branch , first vice @-@ chief of the shanghai number one yiming food factory , first vice @-@ chief of the shanghai soap factory , and director of the electrical profession bureau of the shanghai number two design branch of first machine ministry .
in 1955 , he go to moscow 's stalin automotive factory in the ussr for train .
after return home in 1956 , he serve as vice @-@ director of the dynamic division , vice @-@ chief dynamic engineer , and chief of the dynamic branch factory of changchun 's first automotive manufacture factory .
in 1962 , he transfer to shanghai to serve as vice @-@ director of the shanghai electrical science research agency of the first machine ministry , head of the wuhan hot work machinery research agency of the first machine ministry , act party secretary , and vice @-@ director and director of the foreign affair department of the first machine ministry .
after 1980 , he serve concurrently as vice @-@ director , secretary general , and party committee member of the national import and export management committee , and the national foreign investment management committee .
after 1982 , he serve as first vice @-@ minister , vice @-@ secretary of the party group , minister , and party group secretary general of the electronics industry ministry .
after 1985 , he serve as the mayor of shanghai , vice @-@ secretary and secretary of the shanghai municipal committee of the chinese communist party .
in september , 1982 , at the 12 th national congress of the chinese communist party , he be elect to be a member of the central committee .
in november , 1987 , at the 13 th plenary session of the 1 st central committee of the chinese communist party , he be elect to be a member of the central politburo .
in june , 1989 , at the 13 th plenary session of the 4 th central committee of the chinese communist party , he be elect to be a member of the central politburo stand committee , and general secretary of the central committee .
in november , 1989 , at the 13 th plenary session of the 5 th central committee of the chinese communist party , he be elect to be chairman of the central military commission .
in october , 1992 , at the 14 th plenary session of the 1 st central committee of the chinese communist party , he be elect to be a member of the central politburo stand committee , general secretary of the central committee , and chairman of the central military commission .
he be a delegate to the 7 th national people 's congress .
in march , 1990 , at the 3 rd meet of the 7 th national people 's congress , he be elect to be the chairman of the central military commission of the people 's republic of china .
in march , 1993 , at the 1 st meet of the 8 th national people 's congress , he be elect to be president of the people 's republic of china , and chairman of the central military commission .
yeping wang be born in shanghai in 1926 .
she study in shanghai foreign language college , and start work in 1949 .
for a long time , she do science and technology management work at corporation and research agency of the ministry of the machine industry .
she retire in 1986 .
( end )
xinhua news agency , london , august 31 st , by reporter hao liu
british ministry of foreign affair announce on the 31 st that the uk would send a frigate , a supply ship and military train personnel to join the multi @-@ national force lead by the us for the invasion of haiti .
it be report that before this the five nation of the caribbean union have already agree on the 30 th to send troop totaling 266 people to haiti to join the multi @-@ national force that have a total of about 10,000 people .
also , accord to report , unite nation secretary general ghali express on the 30 th that , the peace effort by the un try to persuade the haitian military government to step down have already fail because military ruler of haiti have refuse to meet with his special envoy .
on the same day , vice @-@ minister of the us department of defense doetch say that the multi @-@ national force would soon invade haiti , " this moment have already arrive " .
the unsc make the decision at the end of july to adopt " all necessary measure " to regain the authority of haitian president aristide who be overthrow by the military .
( end )
xinhua news agency , madrid , august 31 st , by reporter tairan hu
spanish foreign affair minister solana reiterate on august 31 st that spain oppose the us 's blockade of cuba , and also do not agree with intervene in haiti .
at the same time , solana express that , the spanish government be deeply concern over cuba 's " dire situation of illegal immigrant " and would like to make necessary effort to facilitate talk between havana and washington to look for solution .
this minister say this at a press conference introduce the work and task of spain take over the un security council chair start on september 1 st .
he also announce that spain have already accept a request from the un , and prepare to send an air transport and 20 soldier to rwanda within the next few day to participate directly in un peacekeeping military operation .
( end )
xinhua news agency , bonn , august 31 st , by reporter zhongfa li
the spokesman for the german government fughr express on the 31 st that , germany and russia be prepare to strengthen international anti @-@ smuggle activity of nuclear material , and also propose to strengthen communication of information in this area by intelligence department from both country .
fughr say , german chancellor kohl and russian president yeltsin hope " to smoothly investigate the smuggle of nuclear material that have already be discover , and stop new smuggle activity of nuclear material in time " .
kohl and yeltsin also discuss the issue of bosnia - herzegovina after attend the ceremony for the withdrawal of the last group of russian troop from germany .
both side express hope to " peacefully resolve the bosnia - herzegovina issue " on the basis of a peace plan .
both side also plan to further strengthen co @-@ operation between both country in policy area of foreign affair and security , and strengthen joint military exercise between the two country within the scope of co @-@ operation between russia and nato .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 23 rd
accord to a " people 's daily " report , the ' 94 annual budget plan work conference for department under the ccp be recently convene here .
the meet request that department under the ccp calculate their fund meticulously , manage strictly , spend accord to income , and take the lead in live an austere life to ensure that this year 's budget task be satisfactorily complete .
fujin chen , vice @-@ director of the general office of the central committee of the ccp , emphasize that this year 's national financial situation should be properly recognize , and that the department under the ccp should take into account the interest of the whole nation , bear the state 's financial difficulty , adjust expenditure structure , scientifically and reasonably plan expenditure , and make contribution to ensure the smooth completion of the nation 's budget .
department under the central commitee should take the lead in respond to the call of the central committee of the ccp and the state council , consider the overall situation of guarantee the central task of economic construction , strengthen budget management and do the financial management work well
( end )
xinhua news agency , moscow , august 31 st , by reporter rong xie
due to the report failure of all effort of the heavy - duty transport spaceship " progress m - 24 " , which be deliver cargo to " peace " , to dock with the orbital station , the food on the " peace " orbital station , which lack supply , be only enough for the three russian astronaut work on the orbital station to last for 10 day before the routine scientific research work of the astronaut would be affect .
the international information telegraph agency report that the heavy - duty transport spaceship " progress m - 24 " be send into outer space from the baikonur spaceship launch site on august 25 .
carry aboard be 639 kilogram of such article as food , water , fuel , scientific instrument , etc .
by design , the heavy - duty spaceship " progress m - 24 " , in unman operate mode , can perform automate dock with the orbital station .
but on the 27 th , the first attempt of the spaceship to dock with the orbital station fail .
on the 30 th , the spaceship attempt to dock with the orbital station again , and the second dock fail again .
today , the technology committee of russian space - flight control center hold a meet to analyze the reason for the two fail dockings and decide to perform a third dock attempt on september 2 nd .
this time will employ manual control method by the astronaut work in the orbital station to achieve dock from the orbital station .
this will be the last chance for this cargo spaceship to dock with the orbital station because the fuel on the spaceship be already very limit .
if it fail , a new cargo spaceship must be launch to transport cargo to the orbital station .
also , the russian correspondence agency - tass report that the inter @-@ department committee of the russian space orbital station operation will also convene a meet today to research countermeasure .
ivanov , chairman of this committee and commander of russian military space force , say that the third dock will be complete successfully because space expert on the ground have put out all effort for this .
austelouwumuff , vice @-@ bureau chief of russian space bureau also point out that all work be currently be carry out normally .
he deny the statement that the food reserve on the orbital station be only enough to last 10 day .
he say that the food on the " peace " orbital station could still meet need for 40 day .
moreover , even if the third dock fail , a new cargo spaceship can still be launch to transport material .
( end )
xinhua news agency , paris , september 1 st , by reporter youhao zhang
french foreign minister juppe reiterate at a meet hold in paris on the 1 st for france diplomatic envoy that , france support the resolution of the un regard the haitian issue , but have no intention to participate in potential military intervention perform in haiti .
the un security council pass resolution number 940 on july 31 st , effectively authorize the us to lead a multi @-@ national force to implement military intervention in haiti , and to recover the legal government overthrown by a military coup in 1991 .
juppe say , " we should let the puppet government of haiti leave , let those military personnel who violate the basic principle of democracy and bring suffering to the people of haiti leave " .
but he emphasize , france would not participate in military intervention in haiti , but would only prepare to participate in the following work of train haitian police .
( end )
xinhua news agency , madrid , august 31 st , by reporter tairan hu
a spanish left - wing group and 36 other mass organization issue a joint communique on august 31 st , strongly denounce the various measure adopt by the us to strengthen its blockade against cuba .
the communique point out that the us government 's " adopt these measure , the purpose of which be to create an atmosphere of anxiety within ( cuba ) so as to further aggravate opposition among the people and to provide an excuse for foreign intervention and military occupation of this island . "
the communique hold that method such as forbid overseas cubans reside in america from remit money and mail article to their family in cuba , and send cuban stowaway detain on the high sea to the guantanamo naval base , etc. be to put pressure on the cuban government and attempt to damage and postpone cuba 's economic recovery process .
the communique also point out that the establishment of " refugee camp " at guantanamo by the us violate international agreement on the use of military base .
the communique request that the us respect the territorial integrity of cuba , return the guantanamo military base to cuba , and immediately stop the blockade .
it also request that cuba and the us implement " full negotiation " .
( end )
xinhua news agency , wenzhou , september 1 st , by reporter hongwei hu and correspondent yunting xie
accord to news from the flood prevention and drought prevention headquarters of wenzhou , the city be make every effort to rush to repair the water work damage by typhoon no. 17 .
up to august 30 th , the city daily send 158,300 laborers , totally send 936,500 worker , and have complete 730,000 cubic meter of earth and stone .
the direct hit by typhoon no. 17 damage 862 kilometers of the dike in wenzhou , of which , up to 357.7 kilometers be completely wash away .
while the big tide on august 3 rd and august 15 th of the lunar calendar approach again before your eye , new typhoon and rain storm may come at any time , make one worry about the danger .
the people of wenzhou be now urgently take action , deal with the emergency , rebuild the dike and protect their home .
in the whole city , water damage project that have start emergency repair now reach 991 and a large number of emergency repair material such as straw bag , woven bag , etc. have also be transport continuously from various place in zhejiang .
it be estimate that before the high tide on august 3 rd of the lunar calendar , the vast majority of the city 's water damage dike can hopefully , use earth build method , receive emergency repair .
it be report that the wenzhou city government have already draw up a plan , and this winter and next spring in the entire city will start an upsurge of construction of water conservation project on an even larger scale .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , august 31 st
for more than 10 year , bozhong jiao , director of the zhonglong liver disease medical research institute of harbin city , devoted himself to the development of a preparation of pure chinese medicine - the liver heal capsule - which have relieve pain for ten of thousand of sufferer .
liver disease result from virus infection , and liver protection treatment currently adopt be generally not ideal , while the expensive interferon be difficult to bear for the majority of sufferer .
face with the reality of this medical treatment , in recent year jiao bozhong and his research institute decide to seek out a scientific , effective prescription from the treasure chest of chinese medicine .
after many year of research and through repeat experimentation , the " liver heal capsule " be finally develop .
clinical trial show that this medicine without exception have better effectiveness on various liver disease .
xinhua news agency , moscow , august 31 st , by reporter rong xie
president of 3 baltic sea country issue a joint statement on august 31 st , point out that russia 's withdrawal of troop from the 3 baltic sea country would " strengthen european security " .
the statement emphasize that russia 's complete its troop withdrawal should promote the development of relation between russian and baltic sea country .
this joint statement be issue on the occasion of russia entirely complete its troop withdrawal from the three baltic sea country .
russian troop station in lithuania have withdraw to russia one year earlier .
on august 31 st of this year , russian troop station in latvia withdrew completely and russian troop station in estonia also complete withdrawal on august 29 th of this year .
in an interview with international correspondence communication news agency on the 31 st , klelov , vice @-@ minister of russia 's foreign affair , point out that , although russia have withdraw its troop from the baltic sea country , if the baltic sea country infringe upon the right of local russian - speak resident , the russian government still have measure for exert influence over these country , which include political , economical and humanitarian measure .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 23 rd
egyptian president mohammed hosni mubarak end a 3 - day state visit to china this morning and leave beijing to return home .
the head of the chinese government 's accompany delegation , judiciary minister yang xiao , the chinese ambassador in egypt , fuchang yang , vice @-@ foreign affair minister , changyi wang , the egyptian ambassador in china , shamir berham and other diplomat of arabian and african country in china go to the airport to send them off .
( end )
xinhua news agency , shantou , april 23 rd , by reporter guangzhi ling
" the first session of the global chinese physic meet " which will bring together chinese physicist from all over the world will be hold at shantou university from august 5 th to 9 th , 1995 .
this be learn by this reporter from the recently end preparatory work meet of the first session of global chinese physic convention .
this large scale and high level international convention will be jointly hold by the overseas chinese physic institute , shantou university , the physic institute of china , the physic institute of taipei , china , the hong kong physic institute , the national natural science foundation of china and the chinese academy of science .
the academic content of this meet will be : elementary particle and astrophysics , coacervation physic , new material , apply physic , nuclear physic and synchronize radiation technology , etc .
at the preparatory meet , a meet organization committee be also form , make up of 17 member : zhengdao li , yuanzhe li , zhaozhong ding , jianxiong wu , daqiu wu , xide xie , jici yan , zhenning yang , guangzhao zhou , guangya zhu , etc .
( end )
xinhua news agency , london , august 31 st , by reporter wenhao li
the irish republican army declare today that the organization will completely stop all military activity and implement an " unconditional and without time limit " cease fire from midnight tonight .
the irish republican army say in a statement issue to the british and irish news media that consider the current situation and in order to promote the northern ireland peace process , this organization have make the above decision and have inform all the troop under it of this decision .
the statement request that the british government give serious thought to the responsibility it have take upon itself , and urge all relevant party to face the new situation brought about by this cease - fire with determination and patience , and hold extensive negotiation with british and irish government and various major party of northern ireland participate so as to finally resolve the northern ireland conflict .
the statement say that the cease - fire declare by irish republican army provide an opportunity for the " just and permanent resolution " of the northern ireland problem .
however , irish republican army also reiterate that it will still adhere to its " republican objective " , that be , the unification of the entire island of ireland .
to realize the unification of northern ireland and the irish republic , the irish republican army have carry out violent activity in northern ireland for as long as 25 year .
( end )
xinhua news agency , zhengzhou , april 23 rd , by reporter yaming liu
recently , relate expert and scholar discover a large quantity of dinosaur bone fossil in yangcheng township , xixia county of henan province .
this be another big discovery come after an abundance of precious dinosaur egg fossil be discover here at the begin of last year .
this reporter have learn from the archaeological institute of cultural relic that at the begin of april of this year , relate expert discover several hundred dinosaur bone fossil , include rib , phalanges , etc. , between two river gravel layer at such place as hutou hill , yangcheng township , xixia county , etc .
because of long - term exposure at the ground 's surface , some be already break .
from the view of stratigraphy , they all belong to the cretaceous period .
accord to expert ' judgment , a large quantity of dinosaur fossil and other species ' fossil be still bury within the dinosaur fossil group distribution area .
they believe that the discovery of a large quantity of valuable dinosaur egg fossil in the xixia basin be an international rarity , and egg fossil and bone fossil exist in one place be even rarer .
this find be of great important significance for study dinosaur classification in the xixia area , probe into dinosaur zoology and breed habit , restore the zoology and ecology of the dinosaur era and reveal law about the earth 's surface change and the earth 's environment evolve .
the discovery of the dinosaur bone fossil also provide important clue about the region and burial pattern for further search for dinosaur fossil .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , august 31 st , by reporter siyi ni
the 9 th meet of the stand committee of the 8 th npc that close today pass the " arbitration law " and " audit law " .
accord to report , the draft of the " arbitration law " will guarantee justly and timely arbitrate economic dispute and protect legal right of involve party , and as a result will ensure the healthy development of the socialist market economy .
the law consists of 8 chapter and 80 item , provide clear regulation of issue in area such as arbitration organization and institution , the draft and execution of arbitration agreement , the arbitration process , arbitration concern foreigner , etc .
this law will be implement on september 1 st , 1995 .
the summary of the " audit law " emphasize that the aim of make this law be to strengthen national audit supervision , to maintain the nation 's financial and economic order , to promote the construction of honest administration , and to ensure healthy development of the national economy .
" audit law " have strengthen the audit supervision role of the audit office in financial revenue and expenditure , and budget implementation at various level of government , and have also grant the authority to the audit office to stop unlawful act of organization be audit .
the " audit law " consists of 7 chapter and 51 item , and will be implement on january 1 st , 1995 .
the meet pass the " decision regard motion raise by 32 npc representative such as yaotang zheng , etc. " , and legally confirm that when it regain administrative sovereignty over hong kong on july 1 , 1997 , china will re @-@ organize the legislative institution and regional organization of the hong kong special administrative region .
the meet , chair by committee chairman shi qiao , pass the approval of an agreement for civil and legal assistance between china and bulgaria and a treaty for friendly co @-@ operation relation between china and mongolia .
the meet also pass the representative qualification examination report regard elect or by - elect npc representative , and by - elect 3 npc representative .
the meet drop the npc representative qualification of yi chang , former mayor of dandong city in liaoning .
he violate criminal law in two car smuggle case , constitute smuggle .
the meet lastly pass a series of appointment and disqualification list .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , august 31 st , by reporter siyi ni
the stand committee of the national people 's congress , which be the highest legislative body of china , pass a resolution today that when sovereignty over hong kong be regain in 1997 , china will re @-@ organize hong kong 's legislative body and regional organization .
the 127 member attend the 9 th meet of the 8 th national people 's congress , which close today , pass this resolution with all affirmative vote .
the resolution stipulate that the preparatory committee of the hong kong special administrative region , in accordance with the resolution of the national people 's congress regard establishment method of the hong kong special administrative region 's first - term government and its legislative assembly , will be responsible for matter relate to prepare the special administrative region , and stipulate method for the establishment of its first legislative assembly , and organize and establish the first legislative assembly of the hong kong special administrative region .
the resolution state that , the authority and formative method of the hong kong special administrative region 's regional organization , accord to the " basic law " , will be stipulate by the law of the hong kong special administrative region .
the meet think that the last term of the hk - uk legislative bureau , the municipal bureau and the regional municipal bureau , and the district parliament will terminate on june 30 th , 1997 .
the election arrangement unilaterally decide by the british government regard the last term of the hk - uk legislative bureau , of the municipal bureau and the regional municipal bureau , and of the district parliament violate the sino - british joint statement and be not in accord with the " people 's republic of china hong kong special administrative region basic law " and the " national people 's congress resolution regard method of establishment for the first - term government and legislative assembly of the hong kong special administrative region " .
this resolution 's motion be bring up by 32 deputy of the national people 's congress such as the guangdong national people 's congress , yaotang zheng , etc. in march of this year
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , august 31 st , by reporter chun qin
key national laboratory , since be establish ten year ago , have now become important base for basic research in china .
their advance apparatus and equipment , highly level scientific and technical staff and comprehensive dominance in scientific research have make important contribution to the promotion of construction of national key project and the development of academic discipline .
the establishment of key national laboratory , persist in the principle of choose the best to fit the need , be equip a number of top - rank domestic laboratory able to participate in competition at international forefronts to become basic research " national team " able to represent the nation 's equipment level , research level , academic level and management level .
after many year ' of construction , key national laboratory have establish a number of experimental research base for basic research , involve not only the basic research field and emerge science and technology field , but also in engineer project closely relate to national economic development .
for instance , key national laboratory in such area as surface physic , superconductors , molecular biology , biotechnology , information system , intelligence technology , geochemistry , material science , etc. , have actually become important experimental research centers of china in these field .
in the past 10 year , key national laboratory , in various way , have also take on a large quantity of national natural science fund project , national climb program project , national science and technology brainstorming project , " 863 " program project , institutional co @-@ operation project , society entrust project , etc. , and have solve a series of significant problem of science and technology in national economic construction .
after the establishment and construction of key national laboratory , problem have international level that be select by utilize various comprehensive advantage have greatly promote the establishment of relevant discipline in china .
one book " the foundation of mathematics and physic in numerical weather forecast " written by qingcun zeng , academician of the atmospheric science and geohydromechanics numerical simulation laboratory , be regard internationally as a theoretical masterpiece in atmospheric science and have enrich and perfect theory on atmospheric science .
but the infrared physic laboratory have also play an active role in promote the intersection and merge of physic with other discipline area , and in expand and reform traditional physic research .
( end )
xinhua news agency , bonn , april 23 rd
in his interview with the reporter from the german " mirror " weekly , russian president yeltsin , warn the west not to air strike serbian position in bosnia - herzegovina .
he hold that this would only cause the situation to deteriorate further .
accord to the german news agency 's report on the 23 rd , the " mirror " weekly that will be publish on the 25 th will carry the related speech of yeltsin .
yeltsin say that a better solution than the use of violence be to pacify the situation and to achieve an agreement through diplomatic approach .
in his speech , yeltsin advocate that german troop should participate more in un peacekeeping mission , and that german troop participate in the unite nation peacekeeping force and station in the balkan region deserve welcome .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , september 1 st , by reporter xiguang li and guocheng jiang
last a period of 6 day , the fifth beijing international book fair be hold in beijing today .
more than 1500 publish house from 38 country and region participate .
accord to presentation by the fair organization committee , the exhibit scale of this fair be the largest in history , with a total of 90,000 kind of book exhibit , 35,000 kind be original edition foreign book have content relate to numerous subject such as science and technology , economy , culture , education , social development , etc .
in order to strengthen exchange with publish circle from various country and to promote international copyright trade , this fair have also establish a copyright trade project , appoint specialize staff to provide various kind of smooth condition for copyright trade .
many world renowned publish company from country like the us , germany , japan , france , england , russia , canada , etc. , and the region of taiwan , hong kong and macao have attend this fair , for example , the uk 's penguin book company , random house publish company , and longman publish company , etc .
concern people say that the major publish company , book dealer and publish association from country and region all over the world participate in this fair reflect the importance put on china 's book market by overseas book publisher and distributor .
lilan zhu , vice @-@ chairman of national science and technology committee , say today at the fair 's open ceremony that with china 's economic prosperity and rapid technological progress , people 's live standard continuously improve and purchase capability continuously strengthen , china 's book import market have great potential .
irving from the uk 's longman publish company say that british publisher hope to further develop business with chinese publisher on the basis of mutually respect copyright .
the beijing international book fair be approve by the state council in 1986 and organize by china book import and export corporation and be hold once every two year .
( end )
xinhua news agency , phnom penh , april 23 rd , by reporter heping xing and ximei cai
today , staff here reveal that various cambodian party concern have already agree to participate in the round - table meet on racial peace and national reconciliation in cambodia which king sihanouk propose to convene .
this morning , norodom ranaridh , first prime minister and hun sen , second prime minister of the kingdom of cambodia , meet in the ministry office with beny weidiaunuo , recently post un secretary general representative to cambodia .
after the meet , both weidiaunuo and the spokesman to the prime minister 's office say to reporter that xiesong , chairman of the cambodian people 's party and national assembly president , ranaridh , chairman of the funcinpec party and first prime minister of the government of the kingdom of cambodia , hun sen , second prime minister , and khieu samphon , chairman of the cambodian democratic party , unanimously agree to participate in the round - table meet schedule for may 2 nd to 7 th in phnom penh .
sihanouk make this proposal in a statement issue yesterday .
accord to presentation , during the meet , both side discuss issue such as cambodia 's politics , economy , security , etc .
the two cambodian prime minister request that the un secretary general extend the stay of his representative in cambodia by six month or more .
weidiaunuo express that he will convey this suggestion to the un secretary general .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 23 rd
a sino - indian foreign affair and military expert group hold a second meet in beijing from april 21 st to the 23 rd .
both party continue to carry out consultation on carry out and implement agreement reach by both country ' government last year that maintain peace and harmony in the actual border control line district , and sign the " work regulation for chinese - indian foreign affair and military expert group " .
both party agree in principle that the next meet would be hold around the end of 1994 in new delhi .
on the 22 nd vice @-@ minister of foreign affair jiaxuan tang meet the head of the indian expert group , and the director of the north east asia office of foreign ministry hifushancal maynen and his delegation .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 23 rd
china 's foreign ministry spokesperson express condolence over the death of former us president nixon on the night of the 22 nd .
in response to query from reporter , this spokesperson say , during the period when former us president mr. nixon be ill , chinese leader have relay consolation through the chinese ambassador station in the us .
we express our deepest condolence over his death .
key national leader of china have already send telegram of condolence .
( end )
xinhua news agency , auckland ( new zealand ) , april 23 rd , by reporter jinjun chen
china 's people 's congress delegation lead by vice @-@ chief committee member jiyun tian end a 6 - day visit to new zealand , and leave here this even for the capitol of west samoa , apia .
while in new zealand , jiyun tian meet respectively with the speaker of new zealand 's parliament , prime minister bolger and other senior government official .
he also make broad contact with friend from new zealand industry and business circle , chinese and overseas chinese .
both party express the desire to further strengthen co @-@ operation in economic area .
other than west samoa , the delegation from china 's people 's congress will also visit papua new guinea and australia .
( end )
xinhua news agency , nanjing , september 1 st , by reporter yanghe yuan
professor yuyi liu , a painter whose famous canvas " a happy night " cause a sensation in the art world , recently in nanjing make public a yuhua stone he have discover - " the stone of the divine land with five unique feature " .
the appearance and size of this yuhua stone be quite similar to an auspicious folk object , a longevity locket .
in the very middle of the yuhua stone be a clear image of the territory of the people 's republic of china .
the image , with its two end tower , a sunken middle section , and the lower right part protrude , look like a rooster crane and crow with its neck stretch and chest thrown out ; on the side of the " rooster 's " belly be the long and narrow " taiwan island " , which be separate by " strait " ; under the claw of the " rooster " be the round " hainan island " .
the color and luster of the two " island " be completely the same as the " mainland " .
the whole image be almost the same as the map of china .
professor yuyi liu say that he pick up the stone on the road to a yuhua stone process plant in a suburb of nanjing five year ago , and after he return home he carefully inspect the stone and discover the " territory of china " on it .
at the same time he also discover that entrench above the mainland territory and along the frontier line of the northeast , the north , and the northwest of china be a huge dragon with a bright pearl in its mouth ; above this huge dragon , there be a golden facula in the shape of a gold dollar ; in the middle of the mainland territory , there be a string of torch - shape stripe symbolize the eternal flame of life of the chinese nation ; add in its resemblance to a longevity locket , altogether this stone have 5 special feature .
accord to this , yuyi liu name this stone " the stone of the divine land with five unique feature " .
( end )
xinhua news agency , hanoi , april 23 rd , by reporter shuojing hu
six country , namely china , thailand , vietnam , burma , laos and cambodia , will further strengthen co @-@ operation in such area as transportation , energy , trade and investment , environmental protection , tourism and human resource development , etc .
this be the common understand held by representative of the six aforementioned country at the asian development bank 's third secondary region economic co @-@ operation meet , which close today .
this meet also decide that transportation be content that be focal to secondary region co @-@ operation .
the two highway from kunming to chiang mai , thailand and from kunming to lashio , burma , and the two railroad from yunnan to vietnam , and from yunnan to thailand be list as the project take first priority in be develop .
this meet be organize by the vietnamese government and asian development bank .
the meet be chair by government delegation of the 6 aforementioned country and representative of some international organization and institute .
in 1992 , the asian development bank first propose various aspect of economic co @-@ operation within the secondary region form by china ( yunnan ) , cambodia , laos , burma , thailand and vietnam , and also decide a number of co @-@ operation and development project of regional significance .
the first and second asian development bank 's secondary region economic co @-@ operation meeting be hold in manila in october , 1992 and in august , 1993 .
( end )
xinhua news agency , hanoi , august 31 st , by reporter shuojing hu
at a press conference hold here today , samuel insanally , chairman of the un assembly , appeal to the international community to further assist vietnam to recover and develop its economy .
insanally emphasize that help vietnam to recover production and construction be the international community 's current responsibility .
he appeal to country participate in the " parisian international meet on assist vietnam " to be hold in paris in november of this year to extend economic aid to vietnam .
at the " parisian international meet on assist vietnam " hold in november of last year , vietnam totally receive aid of 1.86 billion us dollar from such country as japan , france , korea , sweden , etc .
insanally also express that the un will strengthen its assistance program to vietnam .
currently , the un development and plan office alone have implement nearly 300 large and small development project in vietnam , with a worth of over 400 million us dollar .
insanally arrive in hanoi on the 28 th for a 4 - day visit on the invitation of mengqin run , foreign minister of vietnam .
( end )
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , august 31 st , by reporter chengbo huai
today , the " jerusalem post " quote the word of shawel , director of the administrative office of the israeli foreign ministry who be now visit the us as say that the world bank have decide to provide 250 million us dollar of aid to palestinian autonomous authority before the end of 1994 .
this decision broke the impasse between donor country and palestinian autonomous authority that have last for nearly one year .
at the international meet on aid palestinian autonomy which be hold in washington on october 1 st of last year , donor country pledge to provide 2.4 billion us dollar of development aid within 5 year , of which 750 million us dollar would be appropriate in the first year .
but donor country claim that the palestinian autonomous region lack necessary mechanism for handle the aid and account item and therefore refuse to completely fulfill this promise .
shawel say that although the us and the world bank be currently not completely satisfy with palestinian account work , they have still agree to pay a portion of the fund as soon as possible .
arafat , chairman of the executive committee of the palestinian liberation organization , and other palestinian leader have be criticize the donor country for not be able to keep their promise to make sure the money aid be completely in place and on time .
it be predict that shashe , the plo 's chief negotiation representative , and rosechird , israel 's chief negotiation representative , will go to washington to specifically negotiate and determine the aid issue with the us and the world bank .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , september 1 st , by reporter jianxin gao
in order to strengthen cultural exchange and contact between the descendents of the emperor at home and abroad , china will hold the " china art festival " in beijing and shenzhen simultaneously from the 8 th to the 18 th of december this year .
this will be a grand art meet jointly hold by the people 's organization , government cultural department and enterprise .
its aim be to use chinese national traditional culture as a link to associate and unite compatriot at home and abroad , to spread national culture , to display the charm of the superior art of the motherland and display the achievement and elegant demeanor of overseas chinese , chinese artist in art realm and international cultural exchange .
the art festival mainly include a grand open ceremony and closing ceremony , large scale theatrical performance with various characteristic , and painting and photographic exhibition .
accord to presentation , the art festival to open at the shenzhen gymnasium on december 8 th will focus on display the most widely circulate chinese artistic extract of the 20 th century .
start from december 9 th , every night , at either shenzhen 's great theater or the shenzhen gymnasium , a high level program will be stage , and programs such as ballet , stand - up comedy , highlight from beijing opera and overseas chinese artist and artistic troupe , etc. will be separately perform .
during the art festival , a competition for the award of traditional paint and copy , an exhibition of work , and an international " light of china " exhibition of photographic art of overseas chinese and chinese will be hold in beijing .
this art festival be jointly hold by work unit such as the chinese national federation of return overseas chinese , the ministry of culture , cctv , the cultural department of shenzhen city , the overseas chinese international cultural exchange promotion association of china , etc .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 23 rd
zemin jiang , president of the people 's republic of china , and peng li , premier of the state council , send a telegraph of condolence on the 23 rd on the pass of former us president , richard nixon .
the full telegraphic text be as follow :
shock by the unfortunate pass of mr. richard nixon due to illness , we hereby express heartfelt condolence .
mr. nixon be a politician possess strategic foresight and political courage .
during his tenure as us president , he open up the door of sino - american relation together with the late chairman zedong mao and premier enlai zhou , create a new phase in the two country ' relation .
after resign , mr. nixon continue to be concern about sino - american relation , and have make important contribution to the maintenance and development of the two country ' relation .
we deeply believe that with the mutual effort of both china and the us , the sino - american relation which mr. nixon be very concern with during his lifetime will definitely see further improvement and development .
we express our sincere solicitude for the family member of mr. nixon .
( end )
xinhua news agency , canberra , august 31 st
the chinese government and the australian government sign an agreement today , wherein the australian party would provide china with a preferential financial loan of 150 million australian dollar .
accord to the agreement , this loan will be mainly use in infrastructure project such as telecommunications , municipal water supply and sewage treatment , etc .
last for two day , the ' 94 development assistance cooperation annual meet between the chinese government and the australian government conclude today in melbourne .
the chinese delegation with yongtu long , assistant minister of the ministry of foreign economy and trade , as the delegation leader , and the australian delegation with flad , director general of australian international development bureau assistance department as the delegation leader , chair the meet .
after the talk be over , the two party sign the summary of the talk .
at the same time , the australia side will provide china with a technical cooperation grant of 20 million australian dollar , which will be mainly use in project such as personnel train , support the poor , medical treatment , sanitation , etc .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , september 1 st
this afternoon at the great people 's hall , chairman of the stand committee of the npc , shi qiao , meet with a russian parliamentary group lead by vice chairman wenkerlorphsky of the national duma and vice chairman sharegernkerf of the russian federation economic reform committee .
the representative group come on august 30 th to china on the invitation of the foreign affair institute , aim at understand the situation of economic reform in china , the protective role of economic legislation during the process of build up a market economy structure , especially successful experience in the area of special economic zone construction .
in the even , president of the foreign affair institute , shuqin liu , meet with and invite the russian guest to a banquet .
( end )
xinhua news agency , beijing , august 31 st
premier peng li deliver a write speech to welcome the international population and development congress .
he think that the chinese government 's guidelines of plan , strategizing and implementation of the population problem and socioeconomic problem as one be correct , effective in its implementation , and successful .
peng li say that in the begin of september of this year , the unite nation would hold the international population and development congress in cairo with the theme of " population , continuous economic growth and continuous development " .
this show that the international community have increasingly recognize that population and development be inseparable , and prepare to adopt action together .
he feel that this congress have important mean , and the chinese government have give it high level attention and will be send a delegation to attend the congress .
peng li say china be the most populous develop country in the world .
the chinese government include the population problem into the overall plan of the national economy and its social development , always emphasize that population growth and economic development need to fit together , and be coordinated with resource utilization and environmental protection .
in light of china 's basic national condition , the chinese government have determine plan parenthood and environmental protection as two basic national policy , implement a population policy and plan parenthood program that suit china 's actual need .
at the same time , the chinese government also formulate a series of important policy and measure to realize continuous development , such as the protection of women 's legal right and benefit , the promotion of equality among men and women , the forceful development of healthcare for women and children , the zealous elimination of poverty , and protect the environment .
presently , the chinese economy be continuously grow , society be stable and unite , people 's livelihood be continuously improve , and the population birth rate and the natural population growth rate have drop to a lower level .
peng li say the population problem be one of the major problem currently face by the international community .
due to difference in country 's situation , difference in economic development level , cultural background , historical tradition , and social system , each country should formulate suitable , effective population policy accord to the actual situation of the native country .
this be the sovereignty of each country and it should receive full respect .
he say china be in a critical period of build up a socialist market economy system and increase the pace of its modernization build - up , but a huge , overwhelm growth in population be still restrain the social and economic development , affect the further improvement of the live standard of the people , and have also bring about heavy pressure on the natural resource and the natural environment .
because of this , for a fairly long period of time , at the same time as forcefully develop the economy , china will continue to pay close attention to do well the work of family plan .
the chinese government strongly believe that , the resolution of china 's population problem be not just be responsible for the prosperity of the chinese race and the happiness of future generation , but be also an important contribution in stabilize the world 's population .
for this , the chinese government view with extreme importance and actively participate in international population activity , and sincerely hope that the international community will adopt a stand of realistic resolution of population and development problem , seek similarity while accommodate difference , co @-@ operate closely to strive hard together towards a stable world population to create a beautiful future !
